5e

Odyssey
of The Dr gonlords

Battle the gods and become a legend in this epic adventure
for the world's greatest roleplaying game

Odyssey
of The Dr gonlords

Credits

About this Book

Created by James Ohlen, Jesse Sky

Welcome to Odyssey of the Dragonlords. This booklet
will provide you with everything you need to run an epic
campaign in the forgotten land of Thylea.
Odyssey of the Dragonlords is heavily inspired by
stories from ancient Greek mythology. As we designed
the campaign, we sought to include ideas from many
different sources: The Odyssey, The Iliad, Jason and the
Argonauts, The Oresteia, and others. However, Thylea is
not ancient Greece. You will not find Zeus, Athena, or
Apollo among the gods.
As you explore Thylea, you will encounter familiar
tropes, monsters, and treasures from Greek mythology—but the rules are different here. Mortals have
only recently come to these lands. The world of Thylea
blends high fantasy with the trappings of ancient history. Elves, dwarves, and halflings now live alongside
minotaurs, centaurs, and satyrs.
Our goal is to make your party feel like heroes from
one of the greatest stories ever told—but the ultimate
end of that story is entirely within your power. Your
players will make choices that forever change the world
of Thylea. As the gamemaster, we encourage you to
embrace this idea and run with it. How will your players
reshape history—and what does it mean to be a hero?

Writing: James Ohlen, Jesse Sky, Drew Karpyshyn
Editing: Jesse Sky, Mike Brunton
Graphic Design and Layout: Michal E. Cross
Illustrations: Chris J. Anderson, Michal E. Cross,
Wadim Kashin, Sebastian Kowoll, Lius Lasahido,
Roman Likholob, Grzegorz Pedrycz, Erikas Perl
Adventure Book Cover Art: Marc Simonetti
Player’s Guide Cover Art: Lius Lasahido
Public Domain Paintings: Wikimedia Commons
World, City, and Island Maps: John Stevenson
Dungeon Maps: Nicholas Spinelli
Additional Writing: Patricia Barnabie, Mike Brunton,
Katie Johnson, Drew Karpyshyn, Tracy S.
Design Editing: Nicholas Johnson, Brandon Korolik
Proofreading: Loricha Honer, Rob Sardone,
Jelmer Panman, Ted Bunt
Playtesters: Dean Andersen, Sean Carriere, Ross Gardner,
Michael Grimes, David Hollis, Chris Jones, Jordan Lander,
James LaValle, Alex Maize, Christopher Ohlen,
Kevin Packard, Michael Scales, Mike Schoen
Special thanks to Chris Birch and the entire team at
Modiphius Entertainment for their guidance and support
throughout the process of publishing these books.

ON THE COVER (Campaign Book)

ON THE COVER (Player’s Guide)

The city of Mytros is under attack by a colossal silver dragon, while two
heroes prepare to save the city. The Oracle has prophesied the Doom
of Thylea: the destruction of Mytros and the death of the gods. Who
will rise to save the forgotten land?

An Amazonian warrior from the island
of Themis watches from the trees.
She wields her curved kopis sword in
one hand while tending to her bronze
automaton stimfay bird with the other.

Odyssey of the Dragonlords is published under the OGL rules for 5th Edition. Special thanks to all the many talented people
who created our favorite edition of the world's greatest roleplaying game.
Odyssey of the Dragonlords and all content herein © James Ohlen 2019, © Jesse Sky 2019
www.arcanumworlds.com

Contents
Preface: Why Greek Mythology?.......... 4

Introduction............................................ 6
Story Overview...............................................6
The World of Thylea.....................................7
The History of Thylea...................................7
Traveling to Thylea..................................... 10
The Powers of Thylea................................. 10
The Mortal Kingdoms................................ 12
People of Thylea.......................................... 12
Factions of Thylea....................................... 13
The Laws of Thylea..................................... 14
Adventure Overview.................................. 16
Story Structure............................................ 18
Running the Adventure.............................. 18
Epic Paths...................................................... 19
Starting the Campaign............................... 20
Playing the Villains...................................... 20
Playing the Gods......................................... 23
Running the Epic Paths.............................. 23
Creating Epic Paths..................................... 27
Character Advancement............................ 28
Adjusting the Campaign............................ 28
Ch. 1: Heroes of the Prophecy............. 30
The Sour Vintage........................................ 31
Hunting the Boar......................................... 33
Temple of the Oracle ................................ 34
The Oracle’s Prophecy............................... 39
The Great Labors........................................ 39
Leaving the Temple..................................... 40
Ch. 2: The Great Labors....................... 41
The City of Estoria...................................... 42
The King’s Daughter................................... 50
The Mithral Forge....................................... 53
The Mossy Temple...................................... 63
The Necropolis at Telamok....................... 73
The Tomb of Xander.................................. 80
Ch. 3: Summoned by the King............. 86
Summoned by the King............................. 86
Summoned by the Queen.......................... 91
The City of Mytros...................................... 92
The Colossus of Pythor............................ 107
The Great Games...................................... 111
The Ghost Ship Ultros............................. 116

Ch. 4: Voyage of the Ultros................ 124
The Embarkation...................................... 124
Map of the Ultros...................................... 128
Navigating the Oceans............................. 129
The Constellations.................................... 130

Ch. 10: The New Pantheon................ 247
The Captive God....................................... 248
The City of Aresia..................................... 253
Zakroth's Prison Fort................................ 265
Tomb of Karpathos................................... 270

Ch. 5: The Cerulean Gulf................... 137
The Golden Heart..................................... 138
Island of the Chimera............................... 139
Island of the Fates..................................... 140
Island of the Exiles.................................... 143
Scorpion Island.......................................... 147
Indigo Island.............................................. 150
Titan’s Folly................................................. 153
Fire Island................................................... 154
Island of Yonder......................................... 162
Island of Themis........................................ 171

Ch. 11: The Sunken Kingdom............ 276
The Sunken City........................................ 277
The Temple District.................................. 283
The Chasm................................................. 287
Freeing the Gods....................................... 291

Ch. 6: The Forgotten Sea.................... 179
Aerie of the Roc......................................... 180
The Garden of Helios............................... 181
Island of the Dragon................................. 184
Typhon, the Maw...................................... 187
Island of Time............................................ 189
Charybdis, The Ravening Mouth........... 193
Praxys, Tower of Sydon............................ 193
Ch. 7: The Nether Sea......................... 194
The Prison Cube........................................ 201
Hypnos, Throne of Dreams.................... 204
Confronting Lutheria............................... 209
Ch. 8: Praxys, Tower of Sydon........... 212
The Tower................................................... 213
The Basement............................................ 217
The Forge.................................................... 222
The Heavens............................................... 227
The Throne................................................ 233
Confronting Sydon.................................... 239
Ch. 9: The Battle of Mytros................ 240
The King’s Dragon.................................... 242
The Mad King............................................ 243
The Armies of Sydon................................ 244
The Great Feast......................................... 245
Kentimane Awakens................................. 245
Conclusion.................................................. 246

Ch. 12: Apokalypsis............................ 292
The Nether Titans..................................... 295
The Tarrasque............................................ 296
The Kraken................................................. 297
The Nether Dragon................................... 298
The Behemoth........................................... 299
The Empyrean Palace............................... 301
Epilogue....................................................... 303
App. A: Creating Heroes.................... 304
Bronze Weapons and Armor.................. 306
Fame............................................................. 306
Epic Paths.................................................... 306
App. B: Playable Races....................... 312
App. C: Class Archetypes................... 322
New Spells.................................................. 339
App. D: Dramatis Personae............... 342
The Elder Titans........................................ 342
The Titans................................................... 345
The Five Gods............................................ 348
Mortals........................................................ 353
App. E: Monsters................................. 364
App. F: Encounters............................. 434
App. G: Treasures............................... 444
App. H: Dragonlords.......................... 453
App. I: The Divine Path...................... 456
App. J: Secrets and Myths.................. 457
App. K: Handouts................................ 463

For thousands of years, the Titans were the lords of this land.
The Dragonlords drove back their armies; then fell to Sydon's hand.
Five Gods from the heavens came, as the Oracle had foreseen.
And a sacred oath was sealed with the blood of the Silver Queen.
Five hundred years have passed, but the peace has been in vain.
The time has come for war in Thylea once again.

Preface: Why Greek Mythology?

T

he very first epic roleplaying campaign
took place over 3,000 years ago. A band of
heroes gathered to undertake an impossible
quest, and among them were the children of
Hermes, Apollo, Poseidon, and Zeus. They were the
Argonauts—the legendary sailors led by Jason. Their
ranks included Orpheus, the most talented musician in
the world, and Peleus, the father of Achilles. They were
even joined by Hercules, the famous warrior, who had
recently completed his fabled Twelve Labors.
Why should we liken the heroes of the Argonautika to
a party of roleplayers? Because in spite of their illustrious qualifications, and in spite of prophecies which
foretold success, the Argonauts were ill-equipped for
the challenges that awaited them. They abandoned their
quest almost as soon as they set sail, and the rest of the
story unfolds like a comedy of errors.
Fellow game masters, stop me if this sounds familiar.
Jason of Iolcos bears an uncanny resemblance to your
average tabletop roleplayer. When he isn’t accidentally
slaughtering his own allies, he’s wallowing in self-pity
and bemoaning his bad luck. He seems just as frightened
to lead the party as he is of being usurped. At multiple
points in the story, the gods are forced to step in and
save the Argonauts from his terrible leadership. In the
end, the Golden Fleece is secured through the magic of
the sorceress Medea. She isn’t even counted among the
so-called heroes.
The heroes of Greek mythology are very different
from the super-powered, self-sacrificing paragons that
we’ve come to idolize in Hollywood films. In the Greek
epics, there is no clear line between good and evil, no
villains to thwart, no alien invasions to repel. Heroic
deeds are frequently puzzling and at times infuriating.
Odysseus punctuates his harrowing journey home by
murdering all the men who courted his wife. Achilles
refuses to fight when his men need him most. Jason
quickly abandons Medea once his quest is finished.
Because of their flaws, it is hard to shake the feeling
that the heroes of the Greek epics were real historical
figures. When might fails, they succeed through cunning, and when cunning fails, they succeed through
luck. These were mortal men cast into impossible situations, forced to survive through spectacular means, and
left to brood on the fickle whims of fate. In spite of their
divine parentage, they were, above all, very human.
This is in large part what makes these characters so
enduring in the Western imagination. But most importantly, it makes them the perfect archetypes for the
heroes of your next roleplaying campaign.

4

Pr eface | Why Gr eek My thology?

WHAT IS MYTHIC
HEROISM?

Odyssey of the Dragonlords casts your players into the
roles of mythic heroes, who have been the subjects of a
dire prophecy. This prophecy pits a small band of mortals against the last of the Titans—and promises an epic
conflict that will forever reshape the world of Thylea.

Gods and Kings
Mythic heroes have dealings with the gods, almost as
a matter of course. The gods are not always nice. They
are jealous, capricious, cruel, generous, vengeful, kind,
vicious, forgetful, thoughtless, lusty, selfish, passionate,
and generally all-too-human in their ways. They do not
know everything and cannot control everything, but
within their spheres of influence, they are awesome,
terrible, and dangerous. It’s a foolish mortal who disrespects the gods. The wisest heroes acknowledge the
power of the gods over every aspect of life.
Mythic heroes must also contend with the will of
mortal kings and queens. Earth-shattering events
demand action from the most powerful rulers from
across the land, but their hands are often bound by the
vagaries of fate. Sometimes, they are forced to take up
arms and join the quest themselves, but more often they
must depend upon the might of famous heroes.

Oaths and Curses
Mythic heroes are often bound to their quest by powerful oaths. Oaths are inviolable sacred vows that are
sworn only in the most serious of circumstances. Oaths
have a powerful, far-reaching effect on society. They
may create peace between the gods, promote unbreakable fellowships, and even instigate bloody wars.
No mortal of sound mind would ever dare break
an oath, lest they be afflicted by terrible curses. To be
cursed by the gods is to be cursed by the land itself.
Food turns to dust in the mouths of those who are
cursed. Harpies peck out their eyes, and their souls are
dragged screaming into the Underworld.
For this reason, even the bravest of heroes fear the
consequences of breaking an oath. The gods, on the
other hand, are literally incapable of breaking their
oaths, for they are made from the same magic that binds
and enforces them.

Fame and Hubris
All great heroes seek to increase their fame. This may
sound like vanity, but within a mythic context, fame is
essential to achieving one's goals. Famous heroes may
summon warriors to their aid, influence the opinions of
the masses, and even demand audiences with the gods.

Though seeking it may shorten one's life, fame is the
most direct route to immortality.
But the danger of increasing one's fame is hubris.
Excessive pride, or hubris, leads to the downfall and
destruction of many famous heroes who overestimate
their abilities—or who underestimate the gods.

Fate and Prophecy
Mythic heroes are subject to the forces of fate and
prophecy in equal measure. Fate directs the lives of both
gods and mortals, and though she is the greatest of all
mysteries, she is also cruel to those who defy her. The
greatest gift she gives us is the gift of prophecy.
Prophecies reveal paths that would otherwise be
hidden to us—paths which allow us to rise to our fate,
rather than be destroyed by it. Such paths are often dangerous, and walking them may seem like madness, but
that is the task of the mythic hero. To dismiss prophecy
and spurn one's fate is hubris of the highest order.

Comedy and Tragedy
In the end, the story of a mythic hero falls into one of
two categories. Those who win fame by rising to their
fate and honoring their oaths may be forced to make
tragic sacrifices, but they will be happier in the end. On
the other hand, those who turn from fate, break their
oaths, and curse the gods will meet tragic endings, even
if their lives are happier in the short run.
In other words, mythic heroism means rising to the
challenges that fate throws at you, even when the gods
themselves work against you. It means losing yourself in
the wilderness for decades, only to return in glory when
your enemies least expect it. It also means betraying
your loved ones, overthrowing rightful kings because of
petty grievances, and discovering that you were a pawn
of prophecy all along.
Mythic heroes do not lead easy lives, but they do lead
dramatic ones. It's not just the victories that make their
adventures memorable—it's the failures, also.

Introduction

T

his book is designed to help you run a
story-driven roleplaying campaign that combines classic fantasy dungeon crawling with
the epic sweep of Greek mythology. It takes
place in the world of Thylea—a forgotten continent
where fey creatures make war upon civilization and gods
walk the earth in the guise of mortals.
The campaign is designed for the 5th Edition of the
world's greatest roleplaying game. It has been designed
for a party of 4-6 heroes of 1st level. By the end of the
campaign, the heroes should be 15th level or higher.
Odyssey of the Dragonlords combines an epic story
with a structured, open world. As the players complete
major milestones in the story, new parts of the world will
become available for them to explore. The story is divided
into a prologue and five acts, the last being an epic finale.
The goal of this adventure is to explore what it means
to be a hero in a land where gods and Titans still walk
the earth—where the forces of civilization are only just
beginning to prevail against the monsters that haunt the
seas and the forests. Your players will take on the role
of mythic heroes charged with fulfilling a prophecy and
confronting the Titans. Their decisions will shape the
future and forever change the world of Thylea.
Warning: Major Story Spoilers
This book is intended for the GM only. It contains major
spoilers for the story. Everything you need to know
about the world as a player can be learned by reading the
Player's Guide to Odyssey of the Dragonlords.
Reading this section—or any part of this adventure
book—may ruin several major surprises that are best
experienced at the table. Proceed at your own risk!

STORY OVERVIEW

This section covers the major concepts in the story.
More detailed information can be found in the History
of Thylea section or in the Secrets and Myths appendix.

Ancient Thylea
For many ages, Thylea was a wilderness of centaurs,
satyrs, cyclopes, and other creatures who worshipped
their native gods, the Titans. Mortals who came to
Thylea lived in small, defenseless tribes—until the
arrival of the Dragonlords.

6

The Five Gods
When all seemed lost, the mortals of Thylea were saved
by the sudden appearance of the Five Gods, who walked
the land in mortal guise. They forced the Titans into a
temporary truce, called the Oath of Peace.

The Oath of Peace
The Oath of Peace has prevented open warfare with
the Titans for five hundred years. But now, the truce
is ending. The power of the Five Gods wanes, and the
Titans prepare to wage war upon mortals once again.

The Oracle's Prophecy
At the beginning of the story, the heroes are chosen by
the Oracle to confront the ancient Titans and end the
conflict once and for all. This requires them to fulfill the
Oracle's prophecy and rebuild the ancient order of the
Dragonlords.

The Villains
The story has three major villains.
Sydon, Lord of Storms
Sydon is the ancient Titan who once ruled over Thylea,
long before the arrival of mortals. He seeks to dominate
the land once again—to be worshipped by all mortals.
Lutheria, Mistress of Death
Lutheria is another ancient Titan. She is the sister-wife
of Sydon. She has dominion over the underworld, and
she seeks to corrupt mortals and capture their souls for
her own amusement.
King Acastus of Mytros
Acastus is the last descendant of the Dragonlords. He
is a cowardly manipulator who seeks to undermine the
heroes and wrap himself in the glory of his ancestors.
Preparing Your Adventure
Here is a quick breakdown of the chapters that you
should read through before running the adventure.

• Introduction. This chapter contains most of the important information that you need to know as GM.

• Chapters 1-3. It's a good idea to familiarize yourself
with the first few chapters of the story.

• Appendix: Creating Heroes. This section has everything
you need to know about creating heroes in Thylea.

The Dragonlords

• Appendix: Dramatis Personae. This section provides

The Dragonlords were an order of heroic, dragon-riding
mortals who came to Thylea five centuries ago. They
initiated the First War against the Titans and defeated
their armies. Most of the Dragonlords and their dragons
were killed during this conflict.

• Appendix: Monsters. This section will give you a sense

Introduction

extensive information about the cast of NPCs.

of what sorts of enemies your party will be fighting.

• Appendix: Secrets of Thylea. This section outlines the
secret histories of the gods and Dragonlords.

THE WORLD OF THYLEA

Thylea is located across a great expanse of ocean, far
beyond the borders of the known world. It is a land
of great beauty and ancient splendor, untouched and
unspoiled by civilization since the dawn of time.
Thylea is sometimes called “the Lost Land.” It has a
large central landmass which tapers into peninsulas
surrounded by hundreds of islands. Beyond that, on all
sides a clear expanse of ocean called the Forgotten Sea
stretches for a thousand miles in every direction.
Sprawling ruins, glittering lagoons, and massive
statues dot Thylea’s landscape. Great beasts wander
her plains, and fey creatures haunt her woods. Centaur
tribes war for control on the steppes, and reptilian savages battle across her islands. Although Thylea is a land
with a long history, most of it has been lost.
At the heart of the archipelago the Mother Goddess,
in the form of a colossal world-tree, watches over her
creation. She is also called Thylea, and her true name is
lost to time. Her children are Sydon and Lutheria, the
Twin Titans, who dwell in the far reaches of the ocean.
They are the masters of everything under the endless
expanse of the sky.

THE HISTORY OF THYLEA
Arrival of Mortals
In the centuries before the founding of Mytros, mortals
had no dominion over the untamed lands of Thylea.
When elves, dwarves, and humans washed up on
Thylea’s shores, their weapons failed them, and their
magic ceased to work. They were forsaken by their gods,
forced to live as beggars among the fey races.
Curious about these strange refugees, the nymphs and
satyrs offered them hospitality, and many small settlements were founded. The centaurs, however, offered
them no quarter, and the cyclopes were known to
devour men whole. Life in Thylea was short and brutal
for the so-called ‘trespassers’ from foreign lands.
During this era, the Twin Titans wielded great powers,
unlike anything seen since the dawn of time. Sydon
was venerated as the Lord of Storms. He could conjure
apocalyptic storms with his right hand and cataclysmic
earthquakes with his left hand. His sister-wife Lutheria
held dominion over the land of dreams, and her voice
was said to give life to the dead.
Fearing eradication, the desperate mortal settlers built
shrines to Sydon and held feasts in Lutheria’s honor.
Thousands of sacrifices were dedicated to the Lord of
Storms, and libations of wine were poured to the Lady of
Dreams at every meal. The twins were at first unswayed
but, over time, they warmed to the persistent worship of
the hapless settlers.
In exchange for this devotion, the Titans offered the
mortals oaths of protection, which shielded them from

Timeline of Thylean History
~2,000 DA
24 DA
18 DA
14 DA
12 DA
10 DA
1 DA
0 CE
1 CE
28 CE
35 CE
125 CE
330 CE
370 CE
400 CE
468 CE
500 CE

Height of the Gygan empire
Arrival of the Dragonlords
Founding of the first settler kingdoms
The First War begins
Sydon kills the last dragon
The Five Gods appear
Mytros ascends to the heavens
The Oath of Peace is sworn
Founding of the Kingdom of Mytros
Disappearance of the Ultros
Construction of the Necropolis
The Aresian campaigns begin
Pythor becomes king of Estoria
The Kraken destroys one of the Colossi
The last great Aresian campaign ends
Acastus becomes King of Mytros
The Oracle's Prophecy (Now)

the worst ravages of the centaurs and cyclopes. The settlements survived, but they were always at the mercy of
the Twins. So it remained for many hundreds of years.

Arrival of the Dragonlords
One fateful day, a flight of powerful bronze dragons
arrived on Thylea’s shores, each bearing a great champion from the Old World. These were the legendary
warriors known as the Dragonlords, and they heralded
an upheaval that would forever change the history of
the Forgotten Land.
Within just a few years of their arrival, many small
cities were founded, and a half-dozen small kingdoms
sprang up along the roads of the western reaches. The
Dragonlords founded powerful dynasties, and the
humble mortals who had once lived in terror of the
Titans now abandoned their temples and stood tall.
The Dragonlords were symbols of hope for a beleaguered people. Whenever any mortal settlement was
razed to the ground by roving centaurs and cyclopes,
the Dragonlords would repay the attackers in kind.
Through harsh winters, blistering summers, and relentless assaults by the native races, the Dragonlords fought
tirelessly, and the people of Thylea persevered.
Everywhere the dragons were greeted with shouts of
adulation. When spotted flying overhead, they would
be hailed as saviors, and great songs and feasts would
be held in their honor. They were radiant to behold,
bronze scales gleaming like fire. To be visited by one of
the dragons was to be blessed; and nowhere was more
blessed than the City of Mytros.
But the great powers that ruled Thylea grew jealous. Sydon and Lutheria, the Twin Titans, immortal
children of the mother goddess, amassed great armies
to eradicate the city. The Dragonlords responded by
gathering all the mortals in Thylea into a united assault
on the native races, and so began the First War.
Introduction

7

The First War
The histories of the First War are vague, having been
passed down through the centuries in the form of decaying scrolls and tapestries. What is known for certain is
that the native races were driven into exile. The centaurs
retreated into the steppes, while the satyrs fled into the
forests. The Gygans, an ancient civilization of cyclopes,
were annihilated, leaving behind the crumbling ruins of
their fallen cities.
The cost of victory was great: by the time the war
ended, the last of the dragons had been killed defending the city they loved most. Although the Dragonlords
are remembered as the great heroes of this age, their
noble dragons came to be equally venerated as guardian spirits. The blood of their sacrifice is woven into
the stones of Mytros, and to this day the city is said to
glow radiant bronze at sunset.
Perhaps most miraculous of all, however, was the
appearance of the Five Gods. These immortal figures
descended from heaven when the tide had turned against
the Dragonlords. Some have claimed that they were manifestations of Thylea’s own desire to protect her immigrant children. They took the form of mortal men and
women, but their eyes were alight with the fire of divinity.
Don’t Spoil the Twist!
The people of Thylea do not know the true nature of the
Five Gods. Only the gods know it, and they are forbidden
to talk about it by the Oath of Peace. The story finale
includes a major twist where the Five Gods return to their
true forms. Don’t spoil this epic moment for your players!

Each of these new gods manifested some portion of
the power that had once belonged to the Titans. Pythor,
the Lord of Battle, took command of the centurions of
Mytros and, after many gruesome battles, the armies
of the native races were broken. When the final spear
had been thrust into the heart of the Gygan King, the
Five Gods fell into a torpor, apparently to recover their
strength. The city, it seemed, was safe.
But Sydon and Lutheria swore vengeance. The mountains shook, the seas boiled with rage, and spine-chilling
nightmares descended upon the mortal armies. Such
was the anger of the Titans that their retaliation threatened to sunder the very foundations of Thylea.
In the end, Mytros, the goddess of dawn, sacrificed
herself and ascended once more to the heavens in order
to rescue her beloved city from destruction.

The Oath of Peace
Having lost their mounts, the Dragonlords commissioned a fleet of warships and took to the seas. The
greatest of these ships was called the Ultros, captained
by one Estor Arkelander. He is said to have sailed into
8

Introduction

the very depths of the underworld where Lutheria sleeps
upon her diamond throne. The other Dragonlords are
said to have ascended Phraxys, the Tower of Sydon,
where the Lord of Storms watches all.
Many songs are sung of the trials and troubles of the
Dragonlords, but few can say what actually transpired
during their final journey into the perils of the Forgotten
Sea. The priests of Mytros watched for signs of the
impending apocalypse. On the night of the winter solstice, when Thylea’s doom seemed near, the boiling seas
suddenly calmed and the nightmares ended.
Some days later, a black ship sailed into the harbor of
Mytros, carrying the bodies of many of the Dragonlords.
The ship was captained by Damon, a powerful wizard
who had served the Dragonlords during the First War.
He was mortally wounded, but he uttered not a single
word. He delivered three precious items to the Temple
of the Five, and then vanished in his ship, along with the
bodies and arms of his fallen masters.
One of the items that Damon carried was a scroll of
parchment, upon which was written the Oath of Peace.
This Oath was cause for great celebration. Sydon and
Lutheria had sworn not to take vengeance upon the
mortals of Thylea for a period of 500 years, provided
that daily sacrifices to the Titans should resume, and
that their temples should be maintained and honored.

The Present Day
The Oath of Peace has prevailed for 500 years and,
throughout this age, the mortals of Thylea have flourished. The City of Mytros grew into a great metropolis,
and it has been protected by the twin Colossi, beacons
of civilization on the shores of a dark frontier. More
settlers came from beyond the Forgotten Sea, and the
ranks of humans, dwarves, and elves grew. The remaining Dragonlords became kings and established dynasties
to rule over the new cities that were founded across the
land. As the worship of the Five spread, so also did their
power over the land and oceans grow, until every village
boasted shrines to Volkan and Pythor, and the dominion
of Sydon and Lutheria was nearly forgotten.
The Five Gods loved their people and made sure to
walk amongst them whenever they could.
While five centuries may seem like an eternity, the
time now grows near where this period of peace must
finally come to an end.

The Oracle’s Prophecy
With the imminent end of the Oath of Peace, the Oracle
has prophesied the Doom of Thylea: the death of the
gods, the destruction of the sacred tree, and the total
annihilation of all mortal races.
Players in this campaign will take on the role of a group
of heroes who have been summoned to the Temple of the
Oracle in an attempt to avert this catastrophe.

Introduction

9

TRAVELING TO THYLEA

THE POWERS OF THYLEA

Adventurers who explore the oceans of their world
to their farthest reaches will eventually discover the
Maelstrom: a terrifying region of hurricanes, whirlpools, and jagged rocks. Drunken sailors often boast of
death-defying encounters within the Maelstrom, but
none who have sailed its waters have ever returned.
Adventurers who brave the Maelstrom must spend
days battling storms, skirting whirlpools, and navigating
through treacherous shoals. The passage is so intense
that the crew is likely to be rendered unconscious.
Lucky adventurers will awaken in calmer waters, under
a cloudless sky—a glittering green expanse known as the
Forgotten Sea.
The Forgotten Sea stretches for hundreds of miles
in every direction, and it boasts hundreds of islands.
Powerful ocean currents prevent ships from approaching
these islands, and any attempt to do so will cause a ship to
lose control and be smashed on a rocky shoreline.
Watchful sailors may glimpse strange things on
the islands: impossibly tall humans in fine clothing,
monstrous reptilian beasts, and great stone carvings
in the shape of human faces. Intrepid explorers will
eventually catch sight of a towering bronze colossus
shining brightly on the horizon. This beacon serves to
guide ships into the harbor of Mytros, the greatest city
in Thylea.

The Ancient Titans
The Titans are divine powers native to Thylea. They
have existed since the dawn of time.
Thylea, Great Mother of All
Thylea is the namesake of the Lost Land. She takes the
form of a gargantuan tree on an island at the heart of the
Cerulean Gulf, and her followers believe that her roots
reach deep into the earth, binding the world together in
an eternal embrace. Thylea is believed to be a generous,
life-giving goddess. The Druids of the Oldwood believe
that her will is communicated through the changing of
the seasons, rather than through words. Long winters,
for example, signal her displeasure; long summers are a
sign of her approval.
Kentimane, The Hundred Handed
Kentimane was the most powerful of the Titans. He is
believed to be both the husband and eternal guardian of
the Great Mother. Many references are found to him in
the poetry of the gygans and the centaurs, but few credible sources have survived the ravages of time.
Kentimane is usually depicted with one hundred
heads and one hundred hands.
Sydon, The Lord of Storms
Sydon is the Lord of the Oceans and all that flows from
them. He takes the form of a colossal, bearded man with
three eyes, and he carries a terrifying black glaive. He
surveys both land and water tirelessly, summoning storms
to punish those who displease him. Sydon is a jealous and
vengeful god who makes no allowances for the worship of
any god but himself or his sister-wife, Lutheria.

Discovering the Lost Continent
Thylea may be found in almost any adventure setting. It
exists beyond the boundaries of all maps, and its location
is unknown to even the most experienced travelers.
Sailors often shipwreck here from other worlds.

Thylean Deities
Deity

Alignment

Suggested Domains

Symbol

The Ancient Titans
Thylea, Great Mother of All

TN

Nature

Eternal golden ash tree

Kentimane, The Hundred Handed

TN

Destruction

Spiral of ten stone hands

Sydon, The Lord of Storms

LE

Tempest

Obsidian eye with garnet iris

Lutheria, The Lady of Dreams

CE

Death

Crown of black antlers

Mytros, The Goddess of Dawn

LG

Life, Light

Silver dragon with golden eyes

Volkan, The God of Forges

NG

Forge

Silver anvil wreathed in blue flame

Pythor, The God of Battle

CG

War

Golden hammer and five stars

Kyrah, The Goddess of Music

CG

Trickery

Silver-stringed lute with five stars

Vallus, The Goddess of Wisdom

LG

Knowledge

Golden laurel wreath with five stars

Narsus, The God of Beauty

TN

Beauty

Ivory mask with sapphire eyes

Helios, The God of the Sun

NE

Wealth

Golden sun with twelve rays

The Five Gods

Forgotten Gods

10

Introduction

Every temple in Thylea fears the wrath of Sydon.
Daily sacrifices are offered to him in every village, even
as the settlers continue their silent prayers to the Five.
Whenever thunder rolls through the skies of Thylea, you
can be sure that someone has provoked Sydon’s anger.

Mytros,
the Goddess
of Dawn

Lutheria, The Lady of Dreams
Lutheria takes the form of a beautiful, black-eyed woman
who sleepwalks through the underworld, greeting the
spirits of the dead. She carries a crystal scythe, which
she uses to harvest the souls of those who displeased her
in life. Lutheria commands her followers to live without
remorse, to drink, dance, and feast to their heart’s desire,
because any day could be their last. She is a mother to
the fey races of Thylea, who she strongly favors.
Worship of Lutheria is rare among settlers, but she
is nevertheless honored with many feasts and festivals
because Sydon demands it. Whenever any drink is
poured, a libation must be made to Lutheria or else a
swift punishment is sure to follow.

The Five Gods
The Five Gods are widely celebrated as the settlers’ favored
gods. With the exception of Mytros, they are not heaven-dwelling deities but familiar faces who walk among
their people. They have been known to take mortal husbands and wives, rule over cities, and sire demi-god children. They helped the Dragonlords and the mortal races
to defeat Sydon and Lutheria during the First War. For
centuries, they have blessed the mortal races, protecting
them from tyrannical domination by Sydon and Lutheria.
Shrines to the Five gods can be found in nearly every
settler household. Prayers to the Five must be accompanied by the sign against the evil eye to ward off the
jealous gaze of Sydon and Lutheria.
Mytros, The Goddess of Dawn
Mytros, called by some the ‘Silver Queen’ is the most
benevolent of the Five Gods and the patron goddess
of the most important kingdom in Thylea. She is
widely credited with the survival of the city during
the destruction and aftermath of the First War, and
she is said to appear to her priests as a warrior queen
clad in shimmering golden armor. Having ascended to
the heavens after a cataclysmic battle with Sydon and
Lutheria, she no longer walks among mortals. She is
the most powerful of the Five Gods, and the source of
most priestly magic in Thylea.
Volkan, The God of Forges
Not much is known about Volkan except that he is the
husband of Mytros. He concerns himself with artifice
and crafting and is primarily worshipped by dwarves,
smiths, and wizards. He is depicted as an elderly and
wise-looking man (and sometimes as a dwarf ). He is
rumored to travel through the Heartlands on the winter
solstice, distributing toys and sweets to children.

The goddess of dawn took her name from the city she
loved. She died protecting Mytros during the First War
and ascended to the heavens. We humble priests still draw
upon the power of her magic.
— Aesop of the Dragon Shrine
Pythor, The God of Battle
A son of Mytros and Volkan, Pythor appeared to the
settlers during the First War and fought tirelessly
against the centaurs and gygans that threatened to
overwhelm the city of Mytros. His praises were sung
for centuries after, and he is said to have walked among
the settlers in mortal guise, taking women to his bed
and fathering demi-god children. A few centuries ago
he became the king of the city of Estoria when he overthrew a mad tyrant.
Vallus, The Goddess of Wisdom
Vallus is revered as the goddess of wisdom and beauty,
and she is believed to know as much about Thylea’s
history as Sydon and Lutheria. She was once known to
travel far and wide, surveying ancient ruins and collecting lore concerning the origins of the land and the
fey races. Prayers are offered to Vallus when guidance
is needed and information is scarce. She is the oldest
daughter of Mytros and, in many ways, she has inherited
her mother’s legacy, serving as both queen and patron
goddess to the city.
Introduction

11

Kyrah, The Goddess of Music
Kyrah is revered as the trickster goddess of music and
poetry. She is the swiftest of all the gods, capable of disappearing in the blink of an eye and she can travel great
distances with each step. Her voice is said to be more
beautiful than any musical instrument. There are very
few shrines to her, except among bards, who revere her
as the Muse.

THE MORTAL KINGDOMS
The Kingdom of Mytros
The city of Mytros was the first settlement founded by
the Dragonlords. It was protected by the Goddess of
Dawn and grew into a mighty kingdom after the end of
the First War. It is the largest city in all of Thylea and the
center of commerce, religion, and politics. The Great
Games are held outside of the city once a year. The
Temple of the Five stands at the center of the city, but
in recent years the worship of Sydon has been growing
in popularity. The Titan now has his own grand temple
that stands across the street from the Temple of the Five.
Mytros is ruled by the mighty King Acastus, the last
true descendant of the Dragonlords. Acastus is revered
across all of Thylea and he is the husband of Queen
Vallus, the wisest of the Five Gods. Through some
miraculous feat of magic, he has recently resurrected the
race of dragons, which were thought to be extinct since
the end of the First War. He now seeks to rebuild the
ancient order of the Dragonlords and restore the city of
Mytros to its former glory.

The Kingdom of Estoria
Estoria is an ancient stronghold that has resisted centuries of attacks by centaurs, cyclopes, manticores, and
other dangers which thrive on the steppes beyond the
Arkelon River. The king of Estoria is Pythor, the mightiest of the Five Gods. He rules from his palace at the
highest vantage point in the city.
From his throne, Pythor can survey the sprawling
farmlands of his kingdom to the south and watch vigilantly for any new threats that might emerge from the
north. Although the Estorians are considered provincials by the people of Mytros, everyone knows that the
greatest warriors and adventurers of this age are forged
in the service of the Lord of Battle.

was
me to Estoria, it
When I first ca
s and
re than goatherd
home to little mo
are the
rs. But now, we
beleaguered soldie
h!
pride of the Nort
of Estoria
— Pythor, King
12

Introduction

The Kingdom of Aresia
The kingdom of Aresia has long been a rival to the
kingdom of Mytros. The two cities have been engaged
in dozens of wars over the last several hundred years,
which are collectively known as the Aresian campaigns.
The reasons for the fighting vary, but one thing is certain: warriors on both sides seek glory in battle.
The warrior monks of the eastern shore are amongst
the most feared fighters in all of Thylea. Their children
begin training with spears from the day they take their
first steps, and every adult is required to serve in the
militia. Aresians spend their lives in pursuit of ‘degrees’
in schools of martial philosophy, which have been
refined over many centuries of defending their borders.
Aresian warriors cultivate an air of rugged austerity
out of a sense of pride in their history, but it disguises
long hours spent on beauty rituals, poetry readings,
and decadent feasting. The most powerful families in
Aresia are those which take the greatest pains to appear
ascetic—eating unspiced gruel and wearing little to
nothing in public, while lavishing fine foods and luxurious garments on their servants in paradoxical and
conspicuous displays of wealth. The highest caste warriors make a point of leading lifestyles that most closely
resemble those of their hard-pressed ancestors.

Barbarians of the Gulf
For millennia before the coming of the Dragonlords,
outsiders would occasionally wash up on the shores of
Thylea. These were usually shipwrecked explorers or
merchants who were blown far off course. Of all races
and nationalities, these people had to live in harmony
with the natives of Thylea. They formed tribes and
lived on the islands of the Cerulean Gulf. When the
Dragonlords came, these tribes fought with the natives
of Thylea against the newcomers. In present times the
barbarians are still looked upon with fear and distrust by
the civilized races. They are seen as being as dangerous
as the centaur tribes or fey creatures of the Oldwood.
The most feared of the barbarian tribes are the Amazons
that dwell upon the island of Themis.

PEOPLE OF THYLEA

Thylea is home to many different races, only some of
whom are native to her shores. Thyleans are collectively referred to as mortals—even those with very
long lifespans. For more information about Thylea's
native races, including their origin myths and physical
descriptions, refer to the Playable Races appendix.

Native Races
• Centaurs, Satyrs, and Sirens. These creatures have

existed in Thylea for thousands of years. They are
common in rural areas but somewhat rare in cities.
• Gygans. The gygans are a race of ancient cyclops that
were mostly exterminated during the First War.

• Medusae. Medusae are mortals who have been cursed

The Temple of the Oracle

Settler Races

The Oracle is a famous water nymph who dwells in the
hot springs below a temple south of Estoria. She has
the gift of prophecy, and her soothsaying is heeded by
gods and kings alike. Despite her heritage as a daughter of Sydon, she has always had a special fondness for
the mortals of Thylea, and she is attended by many
faithful priests.

by dark powers. They are secretive and very rare.
• Minotaurs. Minotaurs are cursed tribes of humans.
They are usually treated very poorly in cities.

• Humans. Humans are plentiful. Some were ship-

wrecked here thousands of years ago, and others came
over with the Dragonlords 500 years ago. Humans
populate all major cities and settlements.
• Elves, Dwarves, Gnomes, Halflings. These races
are less common than humans, but they populate all
major cities and settlements in fair numbers.
• Half-orcs. Half-orcs are rare, and they are not stigmatized as they are in other lands. There are no orcs.
• Tieflings. Tieflings are called “Stygians” and assumed
to be servants of Lutheria. They are secretive and rare.
• Dragonborn. Dragonborn are exceedingly rare. If they
exist in Thylea, then they are hidden away in remote
places. Thyleans would be shocked to see one.

FACTIONS OF THYLEA
The Temple of the Five
The Temple of the Five was one of the first buildings
constructed in the city of Mytros, and is the oldest civic
building there. Elected representatives from the districts of Mytros and her outlying villages form a council
that meets at the temple every new moon. However,
the pattern of civic life is increasingly dictated by the
Order of Sydon, who believe that the Temple of the Five
should be destroyed in order to appease the Titans. King
Acastus has taken no sides in this conflict, but the peace
is becoming precarious.

Centurions of Mytros
The city of Mytros conscripts a regular army of centurions to enforce the law of the land. The centurions
have a history that dates back to the First War, when
they followed Pythor into battle against the centaurs
and gygans. Although the centurions honor Mytros at
religious festivals, nearly every soldier prays openly to
Pythor, the god of battle. The highest-ranking centurion
is King Acastus who commands the army and serves as
the final arbiter of justice for the city.

The Academy at Mytros
The Academy was formed centuries ago and is the
center of learning in Thylea. The great wizard Damon
was one of its founders, but it wasn’t only an institution
for magical learning. It was also a place for philosophy and other intellectual pursuits. Now it consists of
many colleges devoted to the different schools of magic
(divination, evocation, etc.) and to safeguarding the lore
of Thylea. It is also a place where Thylea’s interests in
theater, song, and other arts are encouraged.

The Druids of Oldwood
Deep within the Oldwood is a druid grove ringed by
monolithic stones. The druids of Oldwood are whiteclad men and women who wear laurels and wield oaken
staves. They worship the mother goddess Thylea, and
believe that the people of Mytros should never have settled
in her Heartlands. They perform a daily ritual sacrifice
to Thylea, hoping to atone the sins of the mortal races.

The Order of Sydon
The Order of Sydon are zealots who revere the ocean
titan Sydon above all other gods. They watch for signs
from the heavens—lightning strikes in particular—and
their priests communicate the will of the ocean god
to the council of Mytros. The ranks of the order are
filled with heavily-armored paladins who wear cerulean
cloaks and golden clasps, but they welcome true believers from any warrior background. The Order wishes
only to enforce the will of Sydon, and they have been
known to destroy shrines to the Five.

The Cult of the Snake
This thieves’ guild operates in the shadows of Mytros.
They are headquartered deep within the aqueducts.
The cultists have recently been breaking into the homes
of wealthy citizens, stealing everything of value, and
leaving entire families petrified. The leader of the cult is
someone who calls herself the Lady of Coins.

Lost Tribe of the Gygans
The gygans were Sydon’s favored people, six armed
giants with a single eye. Once the greatest civilization in
Thylea, the Gygan Empire fell during the First War. The
ruins of this empire can be found on countless islands
throughout the Cerulean Gulf. The few surviving gygans
keep to themselves, but take any opportunity for vengeance against the hated settler races.

Centaurs of the Steppes
The centaurs of the Steppes are a nomadic people
divided into dozens of warring tribes. They move
through the hills in thunderous stampedes, hunting,
foraging, and raiding the camps of other peoples.
Centaurs hold themselves to a strict code of honor, and
the children of warriors slain in battle are adopted and
raised as part of the conquering tribe. During times of
Introduction

13

truce, the centaur tribes set up camps along the steppe
rivers, drink honeymeade under the stars, and sing tales
of ancient Thylea.

The Raving Ones
The Raving Ones are a den of fey creatures who worship
Lutheria. On the edges of the Oldwood, west of Atrokos,
there is a system of caves where they are said to dwell.
They sometimes travel along the roads in the guise of
maidens in distress, luring travelers back to the den to
be torn apart and devoured in rituals to the goddess of
revelry. The Raving Ones are the mothers of the goatlings,
who are born from the union of a satyr and a Maenad.

THE LAWS OF THYLEA

There are several aspects of Thylea that are different
from a typical fantasy world. Oaths are expected to
be honored upon the life of the swearer, and guests
can expect to be shown hospitality even in the homes
of their fiercest enemies. When these ancient laws of
Thylea are disobeyed, the resulting punishment can
forever change the life of a hero.
Oaths and curses are not enforced by any particular
titan or god. These are natural laws that were woven
into the fabric of Thylea at the dawn of time. Even
Sydon and Lutheria must honor their oaths or suffer
dreadful consequences.

Guest Friendship
Guest friendship is a concept of great import in the lands
of Thylea. It requires that all hosts show generosity and
courtesy to guests who are far from home, no matter
what disputes may divide the two parties. For guest
14

Introduction

friendship to be established, a host must invite someone
into their home and provide them with food or drink.
It is expected that the guest should provide a gift to
the host to seal the friendship, but the bond is established as soon as the guest has shared a meal with
the host. The bond of guest friendship ends when the
guest has departed with the host’s blessing. After that,
the two may become enemies once more.
However, if one party brings about harm to the
other while the bond is in effect, then the friendship
is broken, and the offending party is now subject to
the curse of the treacherous. The Furies are widely
known to be the arbiters of such disputes, and few are
willing (or foolish enough) to suffer their wrath.

Sacred Oaths
Oaths are sworn between men and their kings all the
time, but oaths between men and gods are rarer and
more binding. Oaths sworn to powerful creatures of the
Fey, or to demons and devils can be just as binding.
Oath of Peace
An oath of peace is one where a powerful creature or
king demands that the person swearing the oath will
commit no violence against them or any of their servants. There is almost always a time limit to such an oath.
Sometimes the time limit can be weeks or months, but
other times it may be years or centuries. An oath of
peace is central to the story presented in this book.
Oath of Protection
An oath of protection is one in which a powerful individual is sworn to come to the aid of another in a time
of great need. One of the most famous of these oaths

in mythology is the oath that the Achaean kings swore
to Menelaus, husband of Helen. The kings swore to
assist Menelaus if anyone ever threatened Helen. When
Menelaus called upon the kings to fulfill their oaths, the
Trojan War was the result.
An oath of protection requires the swearer to answer
a call for aid as quickly as possible. Once the threat has
been neutralized, the oath is fulfilled, and there is no
further obligation. Failure to answer the call, or even
allowing the other party to come to harm, will cause the
oath giver to be branded an oathbreaker, and they too
suffer the curse of the treacherous.
Oath of Service
An oath of service is an oath sworn by one individual to
another. The swearer is required to perform one task,
which does not need to be specified when the oath is
sworn. Unlike the oath of protection, this task could
be of any type: it may even require evil deeds, such as
assassination. For this reason, most people are hesistant
to ever swear such an oath, viewing it as a last resort.
When the oath swearer is called upon, they must
answer as quickly as possible. Once the task has been
completed, the oath is fulfilled and there is no further
obligation. Failure to answer the call, or refusal to complete the task, brands the swearer as an oathbreaker and
makes them subject to the curse of the treacherous.

Mortal Curses
Curses fall upon those who break oaths, break guest
friendship, make deals with powerful evil creatures or
anger the gods. Curses are not to be taken lightly: they
publicly and clearly mark a hero’s untrustworthy quality
for everyone to see.
Curse of the Harpy
Any person afflicted with this curse will slowly transform into a harpy. It is sometimes invoked by powerful
fey creatures such as hags or nymphs when an oath is
unfulfilled, though sometimes the gods might punish a
mortal with this curse. The only way to stop the transformation is through powerful divine magic.

Curing the Curse. Casting the greater restoration
spell once per day for three days is required. Each time
the spell is cast, the transformation is slightly reversed.
However, the spell has no effect once the subject is
completely transformed at the end of week 4. Missing a
casting requires the whole process to begin again.
Harpy Ability: Luring Song. The harpy sings a
magical melody, and every humanoid and giant within
300 feet that can hear the song must succeed on a
DC 11 Wisdom saving throw or be charmed until the
song ends. The harpy must take a bonus action on
its subsequent turns to keep singing, but it can stop
singing at any time. The song ends if the harpy is
incapacitated.
While charmed by the harpy, a target is incapacitated
and ignores all other charm effects. If the charmed
target is more than 5 feet from the harpy, they must
attempt to move toward the harpy by the most direct
route. The target doesn't avoid opportunity attacks, but
it may repeat a saving throw before moving into damaging terrain, such as lava. A charmed victim should
also repeat a saving throw when it takes damage from
another character, as well as at the end of each of its
turns. If a creature's saving throw is successful, the effect
ends. Targets that successfully save are immune to this
ability for the next 24 hours.
Curse of the Medusa
A person cursed in this fashion will slowly transform
into a medusa. This curse usually comes from bargains
made with devils and demons: a mortal might have been
asking for beauty or eternal life, but instead was granted
the terrifying form of a medusa. Sometimes, ancient
fey creatures such as hags will transform a victim into a
medusa, often simply for amusement.
The transformation can be stopped with divine magic,
but without intervention the victim will transform
within a few weeks.
Curse of the Medusa
Time

Curse Progression

1 week

Cursed individual's Charisma improves by
4 points to a maximum of 24.

Curse of the Harpy
Time

Curse Progression

2 weeks

1 week

Cursed individual grows wings and now
has a minimum fly speed of 20 ft.

Creature's skin turns sickly green. Gains
darkvision 60 ft.

3 weeks

2 weeks

The wings are now fully grown, increasing
fly speed to a minimum of 40 ft.

Creature's hair transforms into snakes.
Gains the snake hair ability.

4 weeks

Creature gains the petrifying gaze action.

3 weeks

Cursed individual gains the luring song
ability (see below).

5 weeks

4 weeks

Creature is fully transformed into a harpy.
Alignment becomes chaotic evil, and the
character is now under the control of the
GM. Only reversible with wish spell.

The cursed victim fully transforms into a
medusa, Alignment becomes lawful evil,
and this character is now controlled by the
GM. Only reversible with wish spell.

Introduction

15

Curing the Curse. Someone must cast the greater
restoration spell on the creature once per day for three
days, and each time the spell is cast, the transformation
is reversed a little. The spells have no effect once the
subject has been completely transformed, and if a casting is missed the process must restart.
Medusa Abilities. These abilities are described in the
medusa playable race entry in the appendix.
Final Transformation. After 5 weeks have passed,
you may choose to follow the rules described in the
table above, but you may also allow an affected player to
re-create their character with the medusa playable race,
using the same level and class that they were before.
Curse of the Graverobber
This curse is visited upon someone who takes any
magical item from the grave of a hero blessed by the
gods. Those afflicted by this curse cannot eat. After a
number of days equal to their Constitution score, the
cursed character will gain one level of exhaustion every
day until they die from starvation. It is impossible for
the person to get rid of the magical item that they stole,
even by returning it to the correct grave. It will always
return to their possession at midnight.
Curing the Curse. Casting the greater restoration
spell on the affected creature will remove this curse.
The curse can also be removed by finding someone who
will take possession of the stolen magical item willingly. To do this, the cursed individual must be truthful
about the item’s provenance. This would require a DC
20 Charisma (Persuasion) check on someone with an
Intelligence score of 10 or less.

Curse of the Treacherous
This curse afflicts those who abuse guest friendship
or break powerful oaths. Those who violate the tenets
of guest friendship are at risk of being cursed by the
offended host or guest. Breaking an oath made to the
gods will almost always cause the offending mortal to
be cursed, but a person might also become cursed for
breaking an oath to an especially powerful king, or even
a pious beggar. The effect of this curse is directly related
to the injustice of the offense.
Dispatching the Erinyes. The curse of the treacherous
manifests itself in a manner that is unique to Thylea.
The Furies, the three queens of the erinyes, gather in the
Room of Far Sight in Praxys to determine the severity
of the offense. When they have agreed upon a necessary
response, they dispatch 1-3 erinyes to punish the target.
These erinyes will hunt and try to capture their quarry
until they have been defeated. Those captured by erinyes
are taken to the Island of Oathbreakers in the Nether
Sea (area N), where they must live out the rest of their
miserable lives.
Hunting as the Erinyes. The erinyes are dispatched
from the Island of Oathbreakers, and they must first
track down their prey. This takes d100 hours. Every
erinyes dispatched in this manner possesses a rope of
entanglement. She also has a temporary special ability
that allows her to cast plane shift at will.
She is only able to cast plane shift on her quarry, and
only if the target is restrained by the rope of entanglement. If these requirements are satisfied, then the target
must make a DC 16 Charisma saving throw. Failing this
saving throw causes the target to be banished to the
Island of Oathbreakers in the Nether Sea.

Adventure Overview
Prologue: The Prophecy

Act 1: The Great Labors

The adventure begins in a rural inn called The Sour
Vintage. The heroes are summoned by the goddess
Kyrah, who has disguised herself as a traveling poet.
The Boar Hunt. Kyrah explains that the Oracle has
had a vision which revealed the heroes as the chosen
warriors who will prevent the 'Doom of Thylea.' In order
to confirm this, the heroes must defeat a monstrous
boar which the Titans, Sydon and Lutheria, sent to
ravage the countryside.
Temple of the Oracle. After dealing with the Great
Boar, the heroes travel to see the Oracle, who has been
captured by a hag. After rescuing her, the heroes learn
that they must complete three 'Great Labors' in order
to prepare for their confrontation with the Titans:

Kyrah suggests that the heroes begin their Labors in the
city of Estoria. Estoria is ruled by King Pythor, one of
the Five Gods, who should prove helpful.
The King's Daughter. But first, King Pythor needs
the heroes' assistance to rescue his daughter from being
sacrificed to Sydon. Once this is done, Pythor throws
a celebration for the heroes and offers them guidance
for their quest. The heroes also meet Pythor's father, an
absent-minded dwarf who claims to be the god Volkan.
The Great Labors. The heroes can use Estoria as a
base as they search for clues and complete each of the
Great Labors. The Labors require them to visit three
locations—The Mithral Mines, The Mossy Temple, and
The Necropolis at Telamok. Each of these dungeons can
be reached with a half-day journey from the city.
The Dream. Once the heroes recover the Horn of
Balmytria, they must drink from it to complete their

• Drink from the Horn of Balmytria
• Light the fires of the Mithral Forge
• Recover the weapons of the Dragonlords
16

Introduction

task. This triggers a dream where two more Labors are
revealed—the heroes must recover a ship called the
Ultros and an ancient artifact called the Antikythera.
Summoned to Mytros. Once the heroes have accomplished two of the Labors, King Acastus of Mytros sends
a detachment of soldiers mounted on dragons to invite
the heroes to his city for an audience. King Acastus
is revered across the lands, for he seeks to restore the
ancient order of the Dragonlords. The heroes should
finish their final Labor before answering the summons.

Act 2: The Dragonlords
When the heroes arrive in Mytros, the city is assailed by
hurricanes sent by Sydon, the Lord of Storms.
The Storm. As the Oracle's Chosen Ones, the heroes
are expected to quell the anger of the Titan, and they
are faced with a difficult choice. Once this is done, King
Acastus thanks the heroes and rewards them with a map
to the legendary trireme, the Ultros—the only ship that
can brave the storms of the Forgotten Sea.
The City of Mytros. The heroes meet Queen Vallus,
the goddess of wisdom, who offers the heroes counsel
and warns them about the king's ambitions. Afterwards,
the heroes are free to spend time exploring the city.
The Dead Falls. Eventually, the heroes must travel to
the Dead Falls to battle the undead crew of the Ultros
and recover the ship for themselves. They encounter the
ghost of an ancient Dragonlord, Estor Arkelander.
The Celebration. Once the Ultros has been recovered, the heroes return to Mytros, and Vallus throws a
massive celebration in their honor. She gives the heroes
an ancient navigational device called the Antikythera.
With this, the Great Labors are completed, and it's time
for the heroes to set sail to confront the Titans.
The Legendary Crew. Pythor crashes the celebration
with his father Volkan in tow. Pythor swears an oath of
service to the heroes and joins them aboard the Ultros,
while Volkan promises to forge them weapons at the
Mithral Forge. But the heroes must make haste—the
Oath of Peace will come to an end in sixty days, and the
Titans are preparing for war.
The Dragon Egg. Secretly, Vallus gives the heroes
another gift: a single dragon egg. This is the last dragon
egg that Acastus had in his possession. Kyrah reveals that
Lutheria gave several eggs to Acastus, and she fears that
the dragons will be used to wage war against all the mortals of Thylea. She asks the heroes to raise the egg and
prove that they are worthy to be the new Dragonlords.

Act 3: The Great Voyage

where Gaius, the commander of the Order of Sydon,
makes his base. Gaius and his knights have been a recurring problem for the heroes ever since the beginning of
their quest. He rides a silver dragon named Argyn.
The Forgotten Sea. This region is more dangerous
than the Cerulean Gulf and should not be braved lightly.
The heroes may sail into the mouth of Charybdis to
reach the Nether Sea. Alternatively, they may sail to
Praxys, the Tower of Sydon. There are many islands here
to explore, some of which are home to great treasures.
The heroes must use their time wisely.
The Nether Sea. This strange underworld is where
Lutheria dwells—aboard a roving barge called Hypnos,
the Throne of Dreams. The heroes must locate the
vessel in order to board it and confront the Titan. But
first, there are several islands to explore where the
heroes may learn some of her weaknesses.
Praxys, Tower of Sydon. This tower is where Sydon
has long dwelled, consolidating his power. The heroes
must scale this massive dungeon, floor by floor, to seek
out and confront the Lord of Storms. In the end, the
heroes are forced to reckon with the Titan's empyrean
children. Sydon meets the heroes but refuses a confrontation—he has plans in motion to attack Mytros.

Act 4: The Battle of Mytros
When the sixty days have passed, the Oath of Peace
ends, and the Titans are free to attack Mytros.
The Gods Transform. When the Oath of Peace ends,
the Five Gods revert to their true forms: they are dragons who had been imbued with divine power and locked
into mortal forms. Pythor, Kyrah, Volkan, and Vallus
agree to carry the heroes into battle against the Titans.
The Battle Begins. When the heroes reach Mytros,
the city is already under attack by an ancient silver
dragon that belongs to the king. King Acastus thought
to defend his city, but in his arrogance, he lost control of
the dragon. The heroes must defeat the dragon, confront
Acastus, and take control of the Colossus of Pythor.
The Titans Attack. The city faces three possible
attacks, depending on which of the Titans are still
alive at this point in the story. Sydon, Lutheria, and
Kentimane assail the city, seeking to either subjugate or
destroy it. The heroes must join with their dragons and
do everything possible to save the city.
The New Oath. In the end, the heroes are victorious.
Having defeated Sydon and Lutheria, they may force
the Titans to swear new oaths (if they survived). The
heroes may also swear an oath of protection to the city
of Mytros, to cement their legacy as Dragonlords.

Now that the heroes have the Ultros, they must seek out
and confront the Titans. However, the first thing they
need is the missing gear for the Antikythera.
The Cerulean Gulf. There are many islands for the
heroes to explore as they search for the gear. The gear
is located in the Great Library on the island of Yonder,
Introduction

17

Act 5: The New Pantheon
After the Battle of Mytros, the heroes are summoned by
one of the forgotten gods: Narsus, the god of beauty.
The Secrets of Godhood. When the Oath of Peace
ended, Narsus lost his divinity. Now, he wishes to
reclaim it. He sends a messenger to the heroes, who
promises that they might achieve godhood themselves.
But first, the heroes must rescue Narsus from his captivity in the city of Aresia—an ancient rival to Mytros.
The Siege of Aresia. After crossing the ocean to
Aresia, the heroes must decide how to deal with the
heavily-defended city. They are presented with a variety
of options, including the possibility of sneaking in while
their army sits at the gates. Once the heroes free Narsus
from his prison, he reveals what must be done next.
The Divine Artifacts. The heroes must reclaim three
key items that may be used to create a new pantheon
of gods. This quest takes them to two dungeons in the
Aresian peninsula—and then deep into the oceans to
the Sunken Kingdom, where a lost pantheon of gods has
been locked away for centuries.
The Apokalypsis. Once the items have been recovered, the world is ravaged by an apocalyptic event as
multiple gargantuan monsters descend upon Thylea.
The heroes must defeat the monsters, ascend to the
palace of the gods, and defeat the lost pantheon. In the
process, the heroes may unlock the secrets of godhood
and ascend to the heavens themselves.

STORY STRUCTURE

The world of Thylea has been designed with natural
‘fences’ that curb exploration until the players achieve
certain milestones. For example, players cannot explore
the Cerulean Gulf until they have acquired a ship. New
exploration regions unlock in the following order:

• Learning of the Prophecy…
…unlocks the Great Labors

• Completing the Great Labors…
…unlocks the City of Mytros

• Recovering the Ghost Ship…
…unlocks the Cerulean Gulf

• Exploring the Cerulean Gulf…
…unlocks the Forgotten Sea

• Confronting both of the Titans…
…triggers the Battle of Mytros

• Collecting the Divine Artifacts...
...triggers the Apokalypsis

As the GM, you may shepherd the party toward the
next milestone in the story, but for the most part, you
can allow your players freedom to explore.
The Battle of Mytros and the Apokalypsis are the epic
finales to the adventure, where all the twists and turns
of the story bear fruit. These events are ordained by fate
and cannot be avoided, but the manner in which they
unfold depends entirely upon your players.

Running the Adventure
This section contains advice to help you run the campaign. It describes how to roleplay all of the major characters in the story, how to run your players’ epic paths,
and how to manage player character advancement.
Finally, it provides some tips on how to make adjustments to the campaign.


This book assumes that you have read (and/or have
easy access to) the three core books for the 5th Edition
of the world’s greatest roleplaying game. Where items
and monsters are referenced that are not included in this
book, they can be found in the 5th Edition core books.


The following abbreviations are used throughout this book:

When you see text in a box like this, it is usually
intended to be read aloud as part of the adventure.
Don't be afraid to modify the contents of these narration boxes to suit the needs of your party.




Preparing the Adventure
Odyssey of the Dragonlords has been designed so that
you do not need to read through the entire book before
running the adventure. However, you should read
through the entire Introduction chapter. We also recommend that you read through the first few chapters of the
book before you begin, and that you familiarize yourself
with the contents of the appendices.
18

Introduction

Abbreviations
PC = player character
NPC = nonplayer character
XP = experience points
HP = hit points
AC = Armor Class
DC = Difficulty Class
pp = platinum pieces
gp = gold pieces
sp = silver pieces
cp = copper pieces

LG = lawful good
CG = chaotic good
NG = neutral good
LN = lawful neutral
TN = true neutral
CN = chaotic neutral
LE = lawful evil
CE = chaotic evil
NE = neutral evil
GM = game master

EPIC PATHS

Epic paths are an optional addition to character creation. They provide mythic archetypes for the player
characters, so that each hero feels larger-than-life, like
Hercules, Achilles, Odysseus, or Perseus.
Each player should choose one of the epic paths
described in the Epic Paths section of the Creating
Heroes appendix. This will determine their hero’s mythic
context within the land of Thylea and influence relationships with her gods and people.

Standard Backgrounds
Epic paths are different from standard backgrounds in
that they are specific to this setting. They unlock new
aspects of the adventure, including special relationships
with story characters and access to specific magic items.
Players should choose a standard background in
addition to their epic path. This will provide them
with skills, tool proficiencies, languages, and starting
equipment. The flavor of the standard background
should be enhanced or replaced by the epic path's
description.

Heroic Tasks
Every epic path has a set of goals. While these goals
are personal to each hero, they are supplementary
to the overall goals of the adventure. When a hero

accomplishes their goals, they become blessed by the
gods. Each epic path has a different divine blessing that
is granted upon completion of its goals.
There are also magic items listed under the goals
for each of the epic paths. These items are usually
located in distant parts of Thylea and must be found
before they can be used. Other items must be forged
or otherwise crafted at specific locations, such as the
Mithral Forge.
Whenever an epic path offers a choice of multiple
magic items, the player should choose one, and you
should do your best to integrate that item into the story.

Story Connections
Epic paths are intended to help tie the heroes to the
story in a meaningful way. When you think of the
greatest fantasy epics, the heroes always have strong ties
to the story—special relationships with kings, queens,
villains, and gods. The heroes of these stories are important for reasons that go much deeper than the powers
and the items they wield.
Epic paths should not diminish player agency. Players
are free to pursue the story hooks presented in each
path in any way that the GM deems appropriate. They
are also free to modify an epic path with the agreement
of the GM. The GM should take care when modifying
the magic items, however, as the adventure is balanced
with these specific items in mind.
Introduction

19

STARTING THE CAMPAIGN
Before you begin this campaign, you should decide
how your heroes relate to the lands of Thylea. Are they
strangers to these lands, or are they natives? This does
not alter the adventure’s structure but it should shape
the way you introduce major conflicts and characters.

Forming the Party

Option 1: Sent by the Gods
If a majority of your heroes are from lands beyond the
Forgotten Sea, then they are believed to be sent by the
gods in Thylea’s hour of greatest need. In this case, you
should begin with the following:




You have arrived in Thylea, a strange new land, after
crossing a great ocean. Shipwrecked with no means
of returning home, you were sheltered in your time of
need by the people of the great city of Mytros. Now, it
seems, the hour has come to repay their kindness.


Option 2: Destined for Greatness
If the majority of your heroes are native to Thylea, then
they are famous throughout the land as being destined
for greatness. In this case, you should begin as follows:


You are known throughout Thylea as mortals destined
to perform great deeds. The citizens of the great city
of Mytros already tell stories of your exploits, both real
and imagined. Now, it seems, the time has come for
you to rise and meet your fate.




Spreading Rumors
Before you begin your first session, consider giving your
players the following assignment. This exercise creates
a fun roleplaying moment to kick things off, and it helps
the heroes become better acquainted with one another
before they join forces.


Write your character’s name at the top of three separate notecards. On each notecard, write one rumor
about your character that circulates in Thylea’s taverns.
These may be rumors of your heroic exploits, ribald
jokes about your past exploits, or even mean-spirited
gossip. At least one of these rumors must be true, but
the others may be exaggerations or outright fabrications. Give your three notecards to the GM before the
start of the first adventure. Don’t tell the other players
what you have written!

Before the adventure begins, shuffle each player’s
notecards and hand them out to the other players at
20

Introduction

The best way to motivate your party in this campaign is
to focus on how the party's current goals align with the
personal goals in each of their individual epic paths.
However, you can also motivate the heroes by awarding Fame points when the party completes major story
objectives. As players earn Fame points, they unlock
new perks and prestige in the world of Thylea. These
perks are detailed in the Earning Fame section of the
Creating Heroes appendix.

Player Handouts
Give each player a copy of the Thylea World Primer
from the appendix. This serves as a handy reference
sheet for major concepts and characters that your players should be familiar with.
This book includes other handouts that can be used to
add flavor throughout the adventure, including maps for
many of the major islands. Make sure to prepare these
ahead of time for each session.

PLAYING THE VILLAINS




The heroes’ party should be formed before you begin
the first adventure. They need not be very familiar
with each other yet: in these dark days, many bands of
strangers are gathering to take on the challenges facing
Thylea. Perhaps your heroes have arranged to meet for
the first time in The Sour Vintage.
Alternatively, you can use the conflicts presented in
the Prologue chapter to encourage your heroes to band
together. To encourage cooperation, you should cement
their newfound friendship with an oath of fellowship.

Motivating the Party





the table. No one should get one of their own notecards
back. Now, each player will have a chance to read some
juicy gossip about their fellow heroes.

Great stories have great villains. This section describes a
series of special events and dramatic confrontations that
will make the villains in your story memorable.

Sydon, Lord of Storms
Sydon primarily takes action against the party through
his legions of worshippers. These include the armies of
centaurs, cyclopes, gygans, and other native creatures
who revere him. He is also served by many mortals,
including the Temple of Sydon in Mytros and the fanatical zealot, Gaius, who commands the Order of Sydon.



Learning about Sydon
Sydon and his minions take action against the party
from the very beginning of the story. Members of the
Order of Sydon have been sent to kill the heroes before
they even have a chance to hear the Oracle’s prophecy.

I still remember those quiet hours leading up to our first

Event: The Centaur Warband
After the heroes finish their first Labor, Gaius, the head
of the Order of Sydon, tracks them down from the skies,
riding his silver dragon, Argyn. He summons a centaur
warband to destroy the heroes.


battle against the armies of Sydon. We were not prepared

for the wrath of the Storm Titan.

– Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (12 DA)



Dark clouds and thunder roll across the sky. You spot a
flash of silver in the clouds. At first, you mistake it for
lightning, but it slowly resolves into a magnificent silver
dragon. A blue-cloaked figure sits astride the dragon as
it circles overhead. The figure speaks:
“Give up your quest and prostrate yourselves before
the power of Sydon.” His voice abruptly changes to
something far deeper and inhuman, “You meddle with
forces beyond your comprehension.”
The dragon vanishes into the clouds above, and
lightning tears across the sky. The ground shakes as
something thunders toward you. It's a bloodthirsty
warband of charging centaurs!


There are alternative ways to avoid being sunk. A
sacrifice to Sydon will calm his anger, but it must be a
white ox or an intelligent creature. The control weather
spell can be used to neutralize the storm. A conjured air
or water elemental can guide the ship out of danger.



The warband includes one centaur for every hero. They
will battle the heroes for two rounds and then abruptly
turn away and retreat, leaving their dead behind.

Event: Sydon’s Fleet
This encounter occurs after the heroes have defeated or
made a pact with Lutheria. It can also happen at a time
of your choosing before the heroes have defeated either
Lutheria or Sydon. This event can help motivate heroes
if you want the story to hasten to its climax.


Event: The Lord of Storms
Sydon sends this storm to batter the Ultros after the
heroes have visited 1-2 islands in the Cerulean Gulf.




Storm clouds suddenly gather above your ship.
Lightning flashes overhead, followed by booming thunder. The thunder becomes a voice—the voice of Sydon.
“Heed my warning, mortals. Your quest is doomed.
Your weapons will fail you. Your gods will perish, and
your ship will shatter upon the rocks. Your cities will
drown, and your names will be forgotten. You seek to
challenge the Titans, but there is no power that can
stand against the Lord of Storms."




The winds pick up and the ocean waves grow choppy.
On the horizon, you can see dozens of white sails. It
seems that a fleet of ships is passing by, several miles
to the east. But these are not normal ships—the oars
are the size of tree trunks. They appear to be giant
warships, crewed by gygans and cyclopes. And they
seem to be headed directly for the City of Mytros.




Lightning flashes across the sky a dozen times, and the
wind turns into a howling gale. The sky darkens until
it seems that night has fallen. Sydon has summoned a
powerful hurricane to destroy the Ultros.
The storm worsens with every hour. After five hours
have passed, the storm will reach a crescendo, and any
ship in the area will be destroyed. Someone must pilot
the Ultros and escape the storm by making at least three
successful piloting checks as described below.
For each hour spent in the hurricane, whoever is
piloting the ship must make a successful DC 15 Wisdom
(Survival) check to keep the ship righted. On a failure,
they must make a successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics)
check or be swept overboard. If someone is helping the
pilot, then both characters must make the check.



This is the invasion force that Sydon has been gathering to wipe the mortals from the face of Thylea. This is
immediately evident to Kyrah and Pythor.
The fleet consists of 30 ships, each crewed by 24
gygans, 1 gygan hero, 24 bronze automatons and 12
cyclopes. Each of the mighty ships is 200 feet long, has
a speed of 8 mph, AC 14, a damage threshhold of 15,
and 2,000 hit points. If the heroes are foolish enough to
attack the fleet, then one of the gygan heroes will blow
from a horn to summon 1-2 of Sydon’s children (young
empyreans). The reinforcements will arrive within 10
rounds, flying on the backs of rocs.
Once Sydon himself has been defeated, this fleet will
lose its purpose. The bronze automatons will cease
working entirely, as they have no intelligence to guide
them. The gygans and cyclopes will return with their
ships to the Garden of Helios in the Forgotten Sea.
Event: Confronting Sydon
The heroes can confront Sydon by ascending to the
top of his tower in the Forgotten Sea. However, he will
likely escape to the city of Mytros, where the final battle
against the Titans takes place. Refer to the chapters
Praxys, Tower of Sydon and The Battle of Mytros.
Introduction

21

Lutheria, Lady of Dreams

This nightmare affects everyone, even races that do not
normally sleep, such as elves.
Each hero must make a DC 20 Wisdom saving throw
or be afflicted with a random short-term madness. Roll
on the short-term madness table in the Game Master’s
Guide. Since there are no nearby enemies to take advantage of their vulnerability, this is simply an opportunity
for players to roleplay their madness.

Lutheria primarily takes action against the party by
sending monsters to attack them and nightmares to
haunt their dreams. Unlike her husband, she is more
focused on corrupting and subverting the party.
Event: Dreaming of Lutheria
After the heroes leave the Temple of the Oracle,
Lutheria sends a nightmare to haunt them. Whenever
they take a rest, read the following:




A woman's voice suddenly emanates from the darkness
around you. “So... your great 'quest' begins. Off to
become heroes, are you? Mortals are so very proud."
A light shines in the dark, illuminating the sad and
pathetic figure of an old man, who has been hogtied
to a stake. “Look at this one. He’s falling to pieces:
joints stiff, skin slack, teeth gone. The life is practically
dripping out of him."
Inky black shadows fall across the old man. He
flinches and squirms, panicking as something draws
closer—something that you cannot see.
“Yes, his sad mortal life is leaking away. But I wonder
what will happen to his soul?”
The old man thrashes against his restraints, screaming into his gag as a butcher’s knife descends, and you
awaken from the nightmare, bathed in sweat.


Event: Madness of Lutheria
Lutheria sends another nightmare after the heroes
complete their second Labor. Whenever they take a rest,
read the following:





22

Introduction



“Poor little mortals." The woman's voice is soft and
concerned. “So worried about everything! Worried
about honoring the gods; worried about offending
them. Worried about war. Worried about the future.
What can we do to make you worry less?"
On the path ahead, you see a man standing with his
back to you. He gazes out over a beautiful valley, which
is covered with wild flowers. A soft breeze is blowing,
and birds are singing brightly.
“Knowledge is the greatest of all mortal burdens,
don't you think? Knowledge is pain. Ignorance puts the
mind at ease. Ignorance makes mortals happy!"
The man turns. His face is twisted with pain and
despair. Red tears streak his face. His eyes, ears, and
mouth have all been stitched shut.


Everyone awakens from this nightmare at different
times. Each person who dreams must roll 1d10. This
determines how many rounds until they awaken. They
can be awakened early by shaking or inflicting damage
to them. Whenever a hero awakens they must make
a DC 20 Wisdom saving throw or be afflicted with a
random long-term madness. Roll on the long-term madness table in the Game Master’s Guide.
This is another opportunity for players to roleplay
their madness. The madness can be cured with a lesser
restoration spell.
Event: Corruption of Lutheria
This dream comes to the heroes when they are sailing
across the Cerulean Gulf. Read the following:




Lutheria’s voice comes to you, soft as a sea breeze.
"Why do mortals feel the need to explore? To sail
over every horizon? What do you expect to find out
there in the vast emptiness of the oceans?"
Five men cling to the wreckage of a ship, drifting
towards a shoreline. As they draw closer, the relief on
their faces is palpable. Eventually, they splash through
the shallows and collapse on the white sand.
"These men once sought treasure, but now they seek
simple things: food and fresh water."
The sun slowly sets towards the wine-dark sea. The
men have set up camp, and the tantalizing smell of
roasting pork drifts from the fire.
“Perhaps you’d like to join them? Are you hungry?”
The men greedily chew the meat and gnaw at the
bones, juice and gristle dripping down their chins. You
notice that one of the men is missing now, and the
discarded bones look much too large for a pig.


Event: Summoned by the King
Once the heroes have completed the Great Labors, King
Acastus summons them to Mytros and gives them a
map to the Ultros. He hopes that his ghostly ancestor,
Estor Arkelander, will kill them. Refer to the Summoned
by the King chapter for details.
Event: The Voyage of the Ultros
The king is angry that the heroes have survived their
encounter with his ancestor. He will vehemently deny any
accusations that the heroes make. By this point, it should
be obvious that Acastus is an enemy of the heroes. Refer
to the Voyage of the Ultros chapter for details.
Event: The Battle of Mytros
Acastus tries to save the city from the Titans by unleashing his dragon, Icarus, with disastrous results. The
heroes must defeat Icarus and confront Acastus in the
colosseum where the Great Games are held.
The king’s rod of rulership is the key that will activate
the Colossus of Pythor. He refuses to surrender it, and
he may fight to the death to protect his pride. Refer to
the Battle of Mytros chapter for details.

PLAYING THE GODS



Everyone wakes together. Each hero must make a DC 20
Wisdom saving throw or be consumed with bloodlust
for 1 minute. Those afflicted will do their best to reduce
every other hero in their group to an unconscious state.
This is a chance for players to fight each other, no
holds barred, without guilt or hard feelings.
Event: Confronting Lutheria
The heroes can confront Lutheria by descending to
her throne in the Nether Sea. Whatever happens to
Lutheria, she has ways of returning from the dead, and
she may show up in the story later.
Refer to The Nether Sea, The Battle of Mytros, and The
Apokalypsis chapters for details.

Unlike gods in other settings and adventures, the Five
Gods of Thylea are directly involved in the story and
often travel with the heroes in mortal guise. The gods
should never be allowed to overshadow the heroes.
While Kyrah will accompany the heroes from the start
of the story, she is only there to record their exploits.
She does not fight alongside them in battle. Pythor joins
the heroes on the Ultros, but his drunkenness renders
him mostly useless. Vallus and Volkan are allies, but
they never accompany the heroes on their journeys.
Refer to the Dramatis Personae appendix for more
details on how to roleplay each of the gods.
The Oath of Peace
Until the Oath of Peace comes to an end, the Five Gods
are forbidden from fighting Sydon, Lutheria, or their
allies. They can advise the heroes, but generally speaking,
they cannot assist the heroes in battle.

RUNNING THE EPIC PATHS

King Acastus of Mytros

This section describes how to integrate each of the epic
paths into the story. Every epic path includes a secret
divine boon that can be used to bring the hero back to
life. Before running any of the epic paths, you should read
through the Epic Paths in the Creating Heroes appendix.

King Acastus is jealous of the heroes and worries that
they will overshadow him. He has long sought to restore
the order of the Dragonlords, but rather than earning
his dragons, he's made secret pacts with the Titans.

Sharing Epic Paths
Epic paths are designed to give each player their own
unique motivations and moments in the spotlight. They
work best if they are not shared.
Introduction

23

However, if your players wish to share an epic path,
then the best way to accomplish this is to have them
create characters who are siblings or otherwise closely
related. They will effectively be playing as partners who
share the same story. In this case, they should each get
their own rewards, and you may want to differentiate
them by tailoring the items to their chosen classes.

The Demi-God
The Demi-god is a child of Pythor, the God of Battle.
Pythor has spent centuries obsessing over his failures.
He believes that the Demi-god is his path to redemption.
Pythor wants the Demi-god to perform the tasks that
he himself failed to accomplish—and to take his place as
the God of Battle.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi expects great things from
the Demi-god. She encourages them to travel to Estoria
and meet their father, Pythor.
Meeting Pythor. When the heroes first meet Pythor
in Estoria, he recognizes the Demi-god as one of his
children. He laments that the green dragon Hexia took
the Demi-god’s mother from him. Hexia dwells somewhere in the Forgotten Sea.
Pythor's Hammer. When Pythor learns that the
Demi-god wants to finish building his greatest weapon,
he will offer up his magical hammer (Pythor’s hammer).
Pythor will explain that the hammer will be needed
to forge the weapon. But first he makes the Demi-god
swear an oath to save his daughter Anora (the Demigod’s half-sister) from being sacrificed to Sydon.
After giving the Demi-god his hammer, Pythor
suggests that the Demi-god talk with Volkan, his father,
who also dwells in Estoria.
Meeting Volkan. Volkan tells the Demi-god that they
will only be able to forge Pythor’s unfinished weapon
using the Mithral Forge. He tells the Demi-god to relight
the Mithral Forge and find the components required to
complete Pythor’s unfinished weapon.
Forging the Weapon. Once the fires of the Mithral
Forge are relit, Volkan can forge the unfinished weapon
when given the appropriate materials. When the
weapon is complete, Volkan sends a keledone to deliver
it to the Demi-god.
Pythor's Greatest Foe. The Demi-god eventually
discovers that their mother is a prisoner in Hexia’s lair
on the Island of the Dragon. By defeating Hexia, the
Demi-god will defeat Pythor’s greatest foe and rescue
their mother in one fell swoop.
The Demi-god’s mother has some knowledge of the
Forgotten Sea and can give a vague description of each
island. She asks the Demi-god to succeed where her
husband failed and save Thylea from the Titans.
just lose
children. I
y
m
of
ud
ro
I'm p
sometimes.
count of them
od of Battle
— Pythor, G

Divine Boon
If the Demi-God is ever killed, Pythor will appear within
1 hour and surrender a portion of his divine spark to raise
them back to life. This can only happen once, and Pythor
suffers one level of permanent exhaustion as a result.

The Vanished One
The Oracle, Versi, has lived for millennia and has never
loved anyone—until she laid eyes on the Vanished One.
She will do anything to ensure that the Vanished One
lives, but her jealousy knows no bounds.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi asks the Vanished One
to swear an oath that they will return to her once the
prophecy has been fulfilled and the world has been
saved from disaster. Once the oath is sworn, Versi will
reveal that the Vanished One’s famed armor, along with
the crown of the Dragonlords, are located in the Tomb
of Xander at the Necropolis of Telamok. She refuses to
offer this information unless the oath is sworn.
Versi's Jealousy. Versi uses her divination magic to
watch over the Vanished One. She becomes very jealous if
anyone else shows romantic interest. If the Vanished One
ever consummates another romance, Versi confronts the
Vanished One one day later. She will try her best to kill
whoever was intimate with the Vanished One.
Speaking to Xander. The undead Xander at the
Necropolis of Telamok recognizes the Vanished One
and gives them a crown of the dragonlords. However,
their famed armor has been stolen by a man named
Gaius. Gaius is the commander of the Order of Sydon.
He keeps the Vanished One's fabled armor in his room
on the Island of Yonder.
Versi's Vision. When the heroes first set out in the
Ultros, Versi appears and tells the Vanished One where
to find one of the dragon eggs that are scattered across
Thylea. She has had a vision of a dragon egg under the
constellation of The Prisoner. This corresponds to the
brass dragon egg on Fire Island (area V15).
The Forgotten Dragon. If the heroes encounter
Hezzebal, the dragon guarding the Mirror Prison in the
Nether Sea, then the dragon blames the Vanished One
for his long imprisonment.
Divine Boon
If the Vanished One is ever killed, Versi will appear
within 1 hour and kiss them, which restores them to
life. This can only happen once.

The Doomed One
When the Doomed One was born, Lutheria demanded
that they be sacrificed along with many other children
as part of an annual wine festival. Of all the parents
of these children, only the Doomed One’s refused.
Consequently, Lutheria slaughtered the Doomed One’s
parents and directed her entire army of servants to torment the child endlessly as a practical joke.

Lutheria's Joke. While Lutheria lives, her servants
focus their attacks upon the Doomed One. This includes
goatlings, jackalwere, lamia, maenad, and all hostile
undead. It should be obvious to the Doomed One that
these creatures are singling them out.
Meeting the Oracle. The Oracle’s corrupted sister,
Demetria, knows more about the fate that has been laid
upon the Doomed One. Versi explains that Demetria
can be found in the Mossy Temple.
Meeting Demetria. Demetria recognizes the Doomed
One. She reveals that the Doomed One is destined to die
by the workings of Lutheria. She says that only the Fates
can say more. This may also be revealed in the dream
when the heroes drink from the Horn of Balmytria.
Consulting the Fates. The Fates (pg. 140) reveal the
full prophecy that accompanied the Doomed One’s
birth. They were to suffer all their life and die three
times to satisfy the Queen of Death. The Fates also
reveal the full story of the Doomed One’s birth parents—and the cruelty of Lutheria’s practical joke.
The Fates' Loom. The Fates possess a magical loom
that can be used to forge an item capable of protecting
against Lutheria. This requires the Doomed One to
either kill the Fates or bargain with them.
Confronting Lutheria. When the Doomed One
confronts Lutheria on her throne in the Nether Sea,
the Titan will take no actions for one round as she is
consumed by uncontrollable laughter. She fondly recalls
all of the pointless suffering that she has inflicted upon
the Doomed One.
Divine Boon
If the Doomed One is killed, they will immediately come
under the effects of the spell true resurrection. This can
happen only twice. No matter how the Doomed One
is raised from the dead, they will remain dead forever
after dying for the third time. This restriction ends once
Lutheria is dead.

The Haunted One
No one believes that the Haunted One’s family ever
existed—not even the gods. Only the Fates know the
truth. The Haunted One was foretold to “break the
power of death.” When Lutheria learned this, she hunted
them down and slaughtered their entire family.
But Mytros, the Goddess of Dawn, intervened.
Before Lutheria could strike the killing blow against the
Haunted One, Mytros reached out with divine magic
and erased the Haunted One’s entire existence from
memory. Lutheria forgot her purpose and returned to
her throne.
None but the Fates remember the prophecy or the
existence of the Haunted One and her family. Mytros
saw that the prophecy could only come true if all trace
of the Haunted One’s history were forgotten. The souls
of their family remain trapped in Lutheria’s scythe.

Meeting the Oracle. Versi tells the Haunted One
that their corrupted sister, Demetria, possesses one of
her lost family artifacts. Demetria can be found in the
Mossy Temple in the Old Woods.
Defeating Demetria. Demetria possesses one of the
Haunted One’s lesser family artifacts. It was stolen and
carried to the temple by one of her goatling servants.
Attuning the Artifact. When the Haunted One
attunes the lesser artifact, they hear whispers of their
family’s voices. The voice of the person they loved most
in life (mother, father, spouse, child, etc.) will be loudest.
That voice tells them that the other family artifact is
held by the Queen of the Amazons.
The Amazon Queen. The greater family artifact is
indeed in the possession of the Amazon Queen on the
Island of Themis. When the Haunted One attunes to the
greater artifact, the whispers from their family become
louder. The loved relative will tell the Haunted One that
the Fates know the truth.
Consulting the Fates. The Fates reveal the Haunted
One’s full backstory, including the prophecy and the fact
that Mytros erased their family from all memory. The
Fates say that only by breaking Lutheria’s crystal scythe
can the Haunted One free their family’s souls.
Confronting Lutheria. If the Haunted One confronts Lutheria directly on her throne in Hypnos, then
Lutheria will vaguely recall the prophecy and realize that
she’s made a mistake. She will direct all of her efforts at
killing the Haunted One before anyone else.
Destroying the Scythe. Destroying Lutheria’s crystal
scythe releases the souls of the Haunted One’s family so
that they may pass on to the afterlife. Remembrance and
knowledge of their existence also returns to the world.
Divine Boon
Once attuned to a family artifact, the Haunted One can
escape death once. If the Haunted One is killed, the spirits of their loved ones will possess the hero so that they
can continue their battle as if they had just taken a short
rest. This can only happen once.

The Gifted One
The Gifted One is a grandchild of Sydon, who fell in love
with a mortal sorceress decades ago. Lutheria eventually
convinced her brother that such a romance was corrupting him. Sydon murdered the sorceress, not knowing
that she had already given birth to a daughter; the Gifted
One is a child of that daughter.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi reveals the Gifted One's
conflicted ancestry, explaining that Sydon murdered
their sorceress grandmother. She gives the Gifted One a
locket that once belonged to her.
The Whispering Locket. One week after receiving the
locket, the spirit of the Gifted One’s grandmother will
speak through it. She will whisper to the Gifted One that
they are to resurrect the Dragonlords of old. But they
must first exact vengeance upon Sydon.
Introduction

25

The Wisdom of Vallus. Before the heroes set sail in
the Ultros, Vallus offers the Gifted One her counsel. She
believes that the Gifted One will restore glory to the
order of the Dragonlords. But first, they must recover
the fortress of the Dragonlords. It can be found in the
possession of a dragon in the Garden of Helios.
Dragon Eggs. The Gifted One can find a dragon egg
in several places throughout the world of Thylea.
Fortress of the Dragonlords. The instant fortress can
be found in the treasure hoard of the gold dragon that
rules the Garden of Helios. When summoned, it manifests as a tower with draconic architectural motifs.
The Silver Dragon. When the Gifted One meets
Nephele, the silver dragon at Praxys, their grandmother
will speak to them through the locket. She will reveal
that the silver dragon is without a soul. If the Gifted One
breaks the locket, her soul can enter the dragon.
In this case, the Gifted One gains an adult silver
dragon as an ally. However, the dragon is as arrogant
and mercurial as the sorceress was in life. She will only
assist with the battle against Sydon.
Confronting Sydon. When the Gifted One confronts
Sydon, he is disappointed that one of his progeny could
be so small and weak.
Divine Boon
If the Gifted One is ever killed, their body will disintegrate. Vallus will then use a true resurrection spell
to bring them back to life. She then uses her magic to
return the Gifted One to their companions. This can
only happen once.

The Lost One
The Lost One is a hero who came from the outer world
as a survivor of a shipwreck or as an explorer seeking
fame and fortune. Unlike the other epic paths, this
works well if more than one player decides to create a
character with this path. If more than one player creates
a character with this path, then their rewards should be
added to the lost treasure of the Dragonlords.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi believes that the Lost One
will find a way home, but first they must find the lost
treasure of the Dragonlords.
Meeting Pythor. When Pythor meets the Lost One,
the god will offer to tell what he knows of the lost
treasure of the Dragonlords, but only if his daughter
is rescued before being sacrificed to Sydon. When his
daughter is safe, Pythor reveals that Estor Arkelander
was the last in possession of the treasure. Estor is now
the undead captain of the ghost ship, the Ultros.
Estor's Bargain. Once the heroes have gained control
of the Ultros, Estor Arkelander will reveal to the Lost
One that he buried the treasure of the Dragonlords
in the Nether Sea. The treasure is sealed in a massive
prison meant to contain a creature used by the gods as a
weapon at the dawn of time. Estor will guide the heroes
26

Introduction

to it, but only if the Lost One swears an oath to allow
him first pick of the treasure hoard—there is a single
item that he wants above all else.
The Wisdom of Vallus. When Vallus gives the
Antikythera device to the heroes, she explains that it
can be modified. A skilled gygan smith can rework it so
that it can reveal a path through the Forgotten Sea to the
world beyond. This work can be done by one of several
gygan smiths – Steros, Bront, or Garzoon.
The Dragonlords' Treasure. The lost treasure of the
Dragonlords is sealed in the broken ‘mirror’ prison that
was used to imprison the Kraken in the Nether Sea. The
heroes must defeat the corrupted dragon that guards the
treasure. Afterwards, if the Lost One swore the oath to
Estor, the ghost takes the xiphos of slaughter from the
treasure hoard.
Divine Boon
Once the Ultros has been claimed, if the Lost One is
killed, then Estor will appear and possess the body of the
Lost One, bringing them back to full health and powers
as if they had just completed a full rest. The player can
play as the possessed hero and try to extricate themselves from the situation where they were defeated. This
can only happen once.

The Dragonslayer
The dragon responsible for the tragedy that destroyed
the Dragonslayer’s childhood home is the gold dragon
known as Helios.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi tells the Dragonslayer that
they are destined to become the bane of evil dragons.
They must seek out the Forgekeeper in the Mithral
Mines to learn more about the artifacts they need.
The Mithral Forge. The Forgekeeper will give the
Dragonslayer their lesser magic item. The Forgekeeper
says that the Dragonslayer must obtain a weapon powerful enough to fight a dragon. The gygans of Yonder
supposedly forged such weapons in the First War.
Consulting the Fates. The Fates reveal that the
Dragonslayer should seek the wisdom of the Sun God
under the constellation of The Chariot. He will help the
Dragonslayer find the revenge that they seek.
The Forbidden Library. The Dragonslayer’s greater
magic item can be found in the possession of Chondrus
on the Island of Yonder. He will offer it willingly if the
players agree to his bargain.
Confronting Helios. If the Dragonslayer arrives
at the Garden of Helios, the Sun God will focus all
of his attention on them. During dinner with Helios
the Sun God will reveal that he has been waiting for
the Dragonslayer’s arrival for a long time. The Fates
told him that he would be killed by someone in the
Dragonslayer’s family/town/tribe, so he rained fire down
upon their home long ago. Once Helios assumes his
dragon form, he attempts to devour the Dragonslayer.

Confronting Talieus. In the Great Arena at the Tower
of Sydon, Talieus and his audience will focus their ridicule on the Dragonslayer, and the dragons will prioritize
attacking the Dragonslayer.
Divine Boon
If the Dragonslayer is ever killed, they will be visited by
Morta (the night hag) from the Island of the Fates. She
will raise the Dragonslayer from the dead and reveal that
their fate is not to die here. This can only happen once.

The Cursed One
The curse that afflicts the Cursed One’s family originates on Typhon Island. Only by going to the island and
diving into its central vortex can the Cursed One end
the curse.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi tells the Cursed One that
they must speak with Damon, the ancient lich who
guards the Necropolis at Telamok, to learn more about
the nature of their curse.
Meeting Damon. Damon knew the Cursed One’s
ancestor. He says that the curse is unlike any other in
Thylea, and that it was devised by Sydon and Lutheria.
He says that the Cursed One must seek out the Lotus
Witch on Scorpion Island. She will know how to break
the curse. Damon gives the Cursed One a lost family
heirloom—a gem of brightness.
Meeting the Lotus Witch. The Lotus Witch reveals
that the magic of the curse originates on Typhon island.
Only by going there and diving into its volcanic heart
will the Cursed One be granted their wish. But to do
so they must possess a magic item powerful enough to
protect against a fiery death.
The Greater Artifact. The Lotus Witch will only give
the Cursed One the artifact that they need if they are
able to answer enough of her riddles. Otherwise the
Cursed One must kill the Lotus Witch.
Typhon Island. When the Cursed One reaches
Typhon Island, they can leap into the volcanic core. If
they have the artifact from the Lotus Witch, they will
appear on the ash plains of Hades unharmed. There
the Cursed One will find an old man (NE commoner)
guarded by a cerberus hound.
The Cursed Ancestor. The old man is the Cursed
One’s ancestor, and the curse was his fault. He disrespected the Titans, and this was his punishment. The
cerberus says that killing the old man is the only way to
end the curse. The old man does not defend himself.
Ending the Curse. If the Cursed One kills their ancestor, the cerberus devours the corpse, and all curses on
all of the Cursed One’s family members come to an end.
The Cursed One awakens back on Typhon Island.
Killing the Titans. If both Sydon and Lutheria are
killed, then the curse is lifted and the Cursed One's
ancestor is released from Hades. Their gem of brightness
is also fully recharged. However, this solution is never
offered or explained—it must be discovered.

Divine Boon
If the Cursed One is ever killed, Damon will teleport in
and destroy any remaining enemies. The lich will then
hand a raise dead scroll to one of the Cursed One’s companions before leaving. This can only happen once.

CREATING EPIC PATHS

Your players may wish to create an epic path that isn’t
offered in Odyssey of the Dragonlords. This section
explains how to create one. It is important for an epic
path to feel personal to a player, so you should involve
the player in the creation process.
Epic paths should never give heroes special items or
powers at character creation. That is the function of
classes and backgrounds.

Make them Epic
Epic paths must live up to the name. They must be epic.
The story and goals should be heroic enough to work
for the protagonist of a great fantasy novel or summer
blockbuster movie. For example:

• The abandoned child of a god or king who is destined
to overthrow their tyrannical parent.

• A hero who is fated to unify a kingdom that has long
been sundered by civil war.

• A hero who is fated to prevent a looming disaster of
cataclysmic proportions.

• A hero who is fated to be the savior of their tribe, their
home city, or their entire race.

• A hero who is driven to resurrect an ancient order
(religion, army, fleet, cult, etc.).

• A hero who is destined to discover a legendary
treasure/secret/monster.

Synergy with the campaign
Epic paths should involve locations and characters that
are already central to the story of this campaign. Epic
paths should always drive the heroes to complete the
campaign's primary objectives, or else they risk derailing
the campaign. Give them reasons to meet the Five Gods,
explore the oceans, and confront the Titans.

Freedom of Choice
Epic paths must allow the player freedom to choose how
they will proceed in the story. They should never force
the hero into taking certain actions that might be out of
character. They should have well-defined goals, but you
should never undermine the player's freedom to choose
how they will accomplish those goals.

Heroic Tasks
An epic path needs tasks to drive the hero onwards.
Several heroic tasks for the hero should revolve around
obtaining magic items, special powers, or the services
of a powerful companion or mount. Heroic tasks should
Introduction

27

Milestones and Ideal Levels
Story

Ideal Fame

Ideal Level

Reward For Each Hero

First Great Labor

2

2nd level

400 XP reward for labor

Second and Third Great Labors

4

4th level

800 XP reward for labor

Obtaining the Ultros

6

5th level

1,500 XP reward

The Cerulean Gulf

8

6th level

1,000–2,000 XP reward for each island explored

The Forgotten Sea

10

8th level

3,000–4,000 XP reward for each island explored

Praxys and the Nether Sea

12

10th level

5,000 XP reward for defeating Sydon or Lutheria

The Battle of Mytros

14

12th level

6,000 XP reward for completing the battle

The New Pantheon

16

14th level

7,000 XP reward for each divine artifact collected

The Apokalypsis

18

16th level

8,000 XP reward for each apocoalyptic threat defeated

never put heroes in conflict with other heroes, and they
should never distract from the main storyline.
Below are guidelines for the power levels of the
rewards earned for completing heroic tasks:

• Single Magic Item: Very Rare. This item shouldn’t be

available until the hero is 10th level or higher.
• Two Magic Items: 2x Rare. One item should be available at 5th level of higher, while the other item should
be available at 8th level or higher.
• Special Powers: Equivalent to one of the Epic Boons
in the Game Master's Guide. This boon shouldn’t be
available until the hero is at least 8th level.
• Mount/Companion: CR 3 or lower. This shouldn’t be
available until the hero is at least 7th level.

Divine Blessing
The divine blessing is awarded to a hero when they
accomplish all of their heroic tasks. This is a tool to
encourage players to complete their heroic tasks, even
those that don’t immediately lead to power gains.
The 5th Edition Game Master's Guide blessings
should be used as a guideline for this reward.

Divine Boon
The divine boon is a 'get out of jail free card' that brings
the hero back to life when they are killed. This allows for
the possibility of some truly terrifying encounters where
the destruction of the entire party is a real possibility.
Divine boons usually only activate once for each hero.
They should take the form of a key character from the
epic path’s backstory, or a major character from the plot.

CHARACTER
ADVANCEMENT

You may use standard XP awards for defeating monsters and other challenges. Experience points should be
distributed to the heroes at the end of every session. You
can also give out XP rewards for completing major story
milestones. This is optional, but it provides a strong
incentive for your party to stay engaged with the story.
28

Introduction

Above is a breakdown of the ideal hero levels at different points in this adventure. It also shows suitable XP
awards for accomplishing major story objectives.

ADJUSTING THE
CAMPAIGN
Other Campaign Settings
Thylea is designed to easily fit into any campaign world.
As the ‘forgotten continent,’ it can be located across the
far reaches of the oceans in an existing setting. However,
this part of the world is so remote that it might be
treated as another plane of existence.
For example, magic sometimes works differently in
Thylea. Oaths that are binding in Thylea might cease to
be enforced beyond the borders of this land.
The gods of other campaign settings may suspect that
Thylea exists, but none of them dare venture into the
sacred domain of the Mother Goddess or her husband
Kentimane. Communication with the gods of the Old
World is possible through the use of spells such as
guidance and commune, but their influence on Thylea is
extremely limited.
You should decide where the Dragonlords and settlers
originally came from in your game world. All that is
known for certain is that they came from a distant land
with dragons and humans.
You can also use Thylea as a self-contained setting. Anything could exist beyond the horizon of the
Forgotten Sea, so you feel free to expand the world with
your own islands and continents!

Starting at 5th level
Some groups might be using pre-existing characters at
a higher level when they start the adventure. The best
way to deal with these high-level groups is to skip two
of the three Great Labors in the first act. In this case,
the Oracle might provide the heroes with the Horn of
Balmytria, and Volkan might lead the heroes to the
Mithral Forge.

Smaller Parties & Followers

Customizing the Story

If you are running this campaign with a smaller group of
players, you should consider allowing some of the minor
NPCs to join the party as player-controlled followers as
the party encounters them in the story.
Be judicious in distributing additional power in this
way—the party size should not exceed six characters, or
else encounters will start to be trivialized. Likewise, you
don't want combat to turn into a slog.
The following NPCs are intended to be used for this
purpose: Loreus, Bullbug, Darien, Moxena, Nessa,
Pholon, and Steros. The Oracle and the Five Gods
should not be controlled by players.

The story presented in this book is just a tool that we've
designed to make the campaign easier for you to run.
You should feel free to customize the story to your
liking—or even just let your players loose on the world
with less guidance than we've provided.
If you'd like to create your own story in the world of
Thylea, then we suggest starting by choosing a strong
villain. The villain might be a servant of one of the
Titans, a forgotten Dragonlord, or legendary warlord
who seeks to become a god. Whatever the case, we
strongly encourage that you take advantage of the Epic
Paths to raise the stakes and make it feel personal.

Thylean Script
This form of writing is used across the kingdoms of Aresia, Mytros, and Estoria. It is believed to date back to the
Gygan Empire, as it was already the predominant mode of writing when the first human settlers arrived.

A

B

C

D

E

F

G

H

I/J

K

L

M

N

α

β

χ

δ

ε

φ

γ

η

Ι

κ

λ

μ

ν

O

P

PS

R

S

T

TH

U

V

W

X

Y

Z

ο

π

ψ

ρ

σ

τ

θ

υ

υ

ω

ξ

υ

ζ

Chapter 1:

Heroes of the Prophecy
“No, husband, the mortals no longer heed
your storms. Let us instead send a great beast to
defile the lands they stole from us. I am sure that
they will appreciate the irony.”

S

—Lutheria, the Lady of Dreams

ydon and Lutheria, the Twin Titans, have
corrupted the heart of an ancient boar and
unleashed it in the verdant countryside east of
the City of Estoria. They hope to create fear in
the people of Thylea so that the mortals will abandon
their worship of the Five Gods. The Oath of Peace once
protected the human settlers from the Titans, but now
the magic of the oath is weakening. This is a small taste
of the devastation to come.

Kyrah has summoned the heroes to hunt the boar and
put an end to the devastation that it is causing. Once the
beast has been slain, the carcass should be burned as a
sacrifice to one of the gods or Titans. Great fame and
riches are promised to those who make such offerings.
The Order of Sydon has demanded that the boar be an
offering to Sydon, the Lord of Storms, but everyone in
the world knows that such offerings can alter the balance of power among the gods.


We gods can only do so much to keep the peace,
especially when the priests abandon our temples.
In these dark times, it is we who must have faith
in mortals, rather than the other way around.
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music
30



The future of Thylea looks grim. Monsters menace
the roads, and corruption threatens the cities. The
storm god Sydon demands daily sacrifices at every
temple, and his sister-wife Lutheria kidnaps children for her secret rituals. The Five Gods, who once
protected the settlers, are silent. And now, the Oracle
has prophesied the Doom of Thylea: the death of
gods, the destruction of Mytros, and the total annihilation of the mortal races.
You are one of a group of warriors who have been
summoned to the Heartlands in an attempt to avert
this coming catastrophe. You each have reasons for
answering the call, but rumors of your coming have
already spread across the land.




The Sour Vintage




Kyrah
the Poet

The Sour Vintage is a traditional country inn located at
a crossroads, about twenty miles east of the City of
Estoria. The exterior is rustic wood painted black, and
the sign hanging from the door depicts a woman carrying a basket full of grapes. Inside the tavern, a haze of
pleasant tobacco smoke lingers in the air. You hear the
clinking of mugs and the muttering of patrons, most of
whom are farmers.
You have been summoned here by a woman named
Kyrah who wants to hire you for a ‘difficult task’. She
has promised a sizable reward, and more information
about the Oracle’s prophecy.




The Poet from Mytros
Kyrah (see appendix) has been sent by Versi the Oracle,
but she is using the identity of a poet, one of some skill
and renown. It is Kyrah’s task to gather the heroes from
the oracle’s vision and ensure that they live up to their
potential. Kyrah knows all of the rumors that have been
circulating about the heroes, and she takes a moment to
recognize their unique talents.




A dark-haired woman calls you over to a table in the
corner. She wears a white traveling dress with practical leather boots, and she carries a large satchel that
appears to contain dozens of scrolls, along with plentiful writing supplies.
“Greetings, I am Kyrah. Thank you for answering my
summons. I will be direct. I am here as an agent of the
Oracle. She believes that great destinies await you all,
but great destinies are forged by great deeds.
“A terrifying giant boar has been laying waste to the
Heartlands, slaughtering everything in its path. This boar
was corrupted by the Titans and sent to punish the mortals of Thylea for their continued faith in the Five Gods.
Many have attempted to hunt the boar. All have failed.
“If you wish to win fame and fortune, as great heroes
should, then you must prove to the people of Thylea
that you are the warriors of the Oracle’s prophecy.
Hunt this boar and offer it to the gods as a sacrifice."


Kyrah's Identity
Kyrah is actually the goddess of music and makes little
effort to disguise her identity, but she behaves like any
other mortal woman. If anyone suggests that she might
be more than she lets on, she feigns innocence and
changes the subject. The locals recognize her as a poet
from Mytros, but most will assume that she has merely
been blessed with the appearance of the goddess.

The poet offers the heroes assistance in accomplishing
this task. She has hired two hunters who can help track
down the corrupted boar. They will be waiting outside
of the tavern an hour before dawn. She also offers the
heroes a reward for slaying the beast: a golden arrow
per hero worth 25 gp each. She will give the reward to
the heroes once the Oracle is satisfied that they are the
heroes from her vision.


Kyrah explains that the Titans, Sydon and Lutheria, have
always hated the mortals of Thylea. For five hundred
years, their hatred has been shackled by the Oath of
Peace. Now, the power of the Oath has waned, and this
ancient beast is one of many signs that they are plotting
war upon Mytros once again.

Staying the Night
The heroes can spend the rest of the night drinking
and speaking to the locals. This is a good opportunity
for the heroes to learn about each other, as well as hear
of any recent events and rumors. Kyrah is willing to
answer any questions they may have about Thylea. The
heroes may also purchase basic supplies from Aetala,
the innkeeper.
Ch apter 1 | Heroes of the Prophec y

31

Spreading Rumors
If your players have prepared rumors about themselves,
now is a good time to distribute them around the table.
This is an opportunity for your players to roleplay their
characters and get to know each other better.

The Innkeeper
The innkeeper is a retired hunter named Aetala (NG
veteran). She knows the Heartlands better than most,
and she has all the rumors from Estoria. She recognizes
at least one of the heroes, and she suggests that they
hunt the boar. Aetala made her fortune hunting a similar
beast decades ago.
of other lands.
The beasts of Thylea are not like those
with tusks like
Today, we lost twenty men to a great boar
even as it devoured
spears. It spoke to us of death and justice,
our comrades.

32

—Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (12 DA)

Ch apter 1 | Heroes of the Prophec y

Injured Hunting Party
These hunters are recovering from minor injuries
sustained while hunting the boar. They set a trap for
the beast by laying twenty pounds of rotten fruit in the
middle of a field and hiding in the surrounding hedges.
The boar took them by surprise. It gored one of their
friends with its tusks and dragged him into the woods.
They tried to follow but the sounds were too horrible,
and so they came here to drink to the memory of their
dead friend.

Forlorn Farmers
Most of the other patrons in the tavern are farmers
who are too frightened to tend their fields. Their
families are holed up inside farmhouse basements, or
else they’ve fled to the safety of Estoria until the beast
has been killed. If any of the farmers recognize the
heroes, they become angry with them: why aren’t they
out hunting the boar? What else are heroes good for,
anyway?

Hunting the Boar
Kyrah and the two hunters are waiting outside the
tavern an hour before dawn. The hunters are named
Taneias and Javon (LG scouts). The morning is cold and
foggy, and the ground is wet with dew. The hunters lead
the party away from the tavern and deep into the hills to
the north. The party passes many farms and settlements
that have been destroyed by the corrupted boar.




As you make your way northward into the Heartlands,
you pass many ravaged farms and settlements, all
attacked by the boar. The rocks and trees along the
road have been gouged by its tusks, leaving deep,
ragged trenches. Carrion crows flock in the fields,
picking at the bodies of failed hunters and unfortunate settlers.




The party should make a DC 10 Wisdom (Survival)
check to attempt to track the corrupted boar. A failure means the heroes spend an entire day in fruitless
searching. You may choose to run one random plains
encounter during the hunt, whether or not they succeed on this check.
Kyrah will not fight in any of the heroes’ battles. She will
stay away from enemies and make meticulous notes for
an epic poem about the struggle. She will, however, do
her best to help the heroes by keeping their spirits up.
If the heroes appear to be in grave danger, she may sing
one of her songs to lend aid. If a hero dies, she will wait
until the danger has passed and then use her raise dead
scrolls to bring them back to life, invoking the power of
Mytros, the goddess, to do so.

THE BOAR’S CAVE

• Rope Snare. This trap requires 50 ft. of rope. It will

entangle the boar’s legs, cutting its movement speed
in half and preventing it from using any charge abilities. Setting it requires a Survival DC 12 skill check.
• Spiked Pitfall. This trap requires someone to dig a
hole 10 ft. deep and fill it with sharpened wooden
stakes. If the boar fails to leap over it, it will take 3d6
piercing damage and become immobilized. Digging
the pitfall requires Survival DC 20 skill check.
• Spiked Barricade. This trap requires setting up a row
of sharpened stakes, angled toward the cave mouth.
If the boar runs into the barricade, it will take 2d6
piercing damage. Constructing the barrier requires a
Survival DC 12 skill check.
At this point, have the party make DC 16 Wisdom
(Perception) checks. Anyone who fails to make the
check is surprised during the following battle. One of
the hunters is killed as soon as the boar appears:




Suddenly, you hear a bestial grunt from inside the cave.
A massive boar suddenly charges from the cave mouth,
goring one of the hunters on its tusks! Tossing the body
away like a ragdoll, the creature draws itself up to its
full height. It’s an ancient white boar with fierce red
eyes and bloodied yellow tusks.


Eventually, the party stumbles upon a cave in the hills
where the boar has dragged its most recent kills. The
boar is inside the cave, messily devouring a couple of
unfortunate scouts.


From this height, you can see miles of mountainous
hills to the west. A thick blanket of fog hangs over the
lower land, and you can hear a gentle chorus of birds
greeting the morning sun. Eventually, you pick up the
boar’s trail: another path of wanton destruction, split
tree trunks, and splatters of blood. The trail ends at
the shadowy mouth of a cave. Ear-splitting grunts and
squeals echo from inside.


The party may choose to set a variety of traps for the
boar. Each trap requires a successful Wisdom (Survival)
skill check to assemble. Failing the check causes someone to stumble and make a loud noise, at which the boar
becomes alerted to the party’s presence. Possibilities for
traps include:

Encounter: The Boar Attacks

Kyrah’s Assistance



Setting Traps



The great boar has several spears and arrows lodged
in its back, all the result of failed attempts to kill it. The
boar is bleeding from these wounds, causing it to suffer
one level of exhaustion at the end of each of its turns
in combat. Sensing that it is surrounded, it will try to
attack each hero at least once.

Death of the Boar



The boar fights until it is reduced to 0 hit points; at
this point it can be captured with a net and bound
with ropes. Once captured, the boar locks eyes with
the heroes and speaks its dying words directly into
their minds. Everyone hears its booming voice inside
their heads:

Ch apter 1 | Heroes of the Prophec y

33





“Know this, mortals. Your sins cannot be atoned. An
ancient power sleeps in the heart of Thylea, and when
it awakens, the age of Mytros will come to an end.
Just as my broken body falls to ruin and decay, so too
all mortal things will come to death and darkness. No
prophecy will save you.”


recommends not making the offering to either Sydon
or Lutheria, as such an act will only strengthen their
dominion over the lands of Thylea.
Reactions to the Sacrifical Offering
Diety

Effect

Thylea

All heroes gain the charm of vitality.
Beasts in every forest will aid the heroes.

Kentimane

Earthquakes. The Hands of Kentimane
will aid the heroes in battle once.

Sydon

The weather is beautiful for one week.
The Order of Sydon is pleased.

Lutheria

Lutheria grants one hero the blessing of
protection during her first dream.

Mytros

All heroes gain the charm of heroism and
are protected from Lutheria’s madness
during the first dream.

Volkan

Volkan grants the heroes one random
magic item upon meeting them.

Kyrah

Kyrah confesses her identity. She swears
an oath of protection to the heroes.

Pythor

Pythor swears an oath of service to the
heroes upon meeting them.

Vallus

Vallus grants the heroes a scarab of protection upon meeting them.

None

Hurricanes and earthquakes. The heroes
are transformed into goats for one day.



The boar’s cave is only 50 ft. deep, and it’s full of stinking water, gore, and boar dung. If the heroes decide to
wade into the disgusting mess in the cave and explore,
there is some treasure to be found.
Treasure
The two shredded corpses inside the cave may be
searched. Between them, they have 25 gp and 37 sp. One
of them carried a silvered spear. Kyrah points out that
it is customary to bury or burn the dead, and that each
body should have two gold pieces placed on its eyes, the
expected payment for the Ferryman.

Sacrifice to the Gods
Once everyone has drawn breath and tended their
wounds, Kyrah reminds everyone that the dying boar
should be offered as a sacrifice to the gods. This is the
way of things in Thylea, and it will be a great offense to
both the gods and the people of Mytros if the beast does
not die as a proper offering. Whichever god receives this
sacrifice will grow in power as a result.
The heroes should collect wood to construct a sacrificial bier around the beast. Then, they must decide
which god will receive the sacrifice. Kyrah will remind
the heroes that the Order of Sydon demanded that the
boar be sacrificed to the Lord of Storms. She strongly

The chosen Ones
Whatever happens, the boar-slaying heroes are now
celebrated as the Oracle's Chosen Ones. The people of
Thylea will expect them to travel to the Temple of the
Oracle and discover what great destiny awaits them.

Temple of the Oracle
“Never trust the words of that witch,
Versi. She once claimed that she saw no great
deeds in my future, but look now—am I not the
King of Mytros?”



Though others failed, you slew the corrupted boar
that plagued the lands west of Mytros. Your names are
everywhere celebrated as the Heroes of the Heartlands.
Now, you have come to the Temple of the Oracle to
claim your reward.
Kyrah has promised that you will learn more of your
destiny from the water nymph, Versi, the legendary
Oracle who brokered the Oath of Peace. She is the
daughter of Sydon, the Lord of Storms, but she has
always been an ally to the mortals of Thylea.
But Kyrah has heard nothing from her in two weeks,
and now she fears that something may have happened
to the Oracle.

—King Acastus, on the Oracle of Thylea
The Temple of the Oracle is the fabled home of Versi,
an ancient naiad, a water nymph, with the gift of
prophecy. She has recently issued a dire warning to the
people of Mytros—the Doom of Thylea is nigh, and
only the great heroes from her vision can rescue the
land from total destruction.


34

Ch apter 1 | Heroes of the Prophec y





Ch apter 1 | Heroes of the Prophec y

35

O2. The Temple Portico




This massive temple has been built directly into the
wall of the canyon. Towering columns support a
pediment that is carved from the rocky cliff-face. A
marble frieze of Sydon sits enthroned above the center
columns, his black glaive in one hand.
Standing at the center of the portico are four men
clad in bronze mail and bright blue cloaks.


The Current Situation

Braeca has posted four soldiers here. The soldiers have
been told to expect a band of dangerous warriors and,
consequently, their nerves are somewhat on edge. They
will not immediately abandon their post, but they are
easy to intimidate. They will eventually flee into the
temple unless the heroes corner them or otherwise goad
them into a fight.

The Oracle, Versi (see appendix), has been trapped in
a cave below the temple for two weeks. After learning
of Versi’s most recent prophecy, the Lord of Storms
decided to punish his daughter for her insubordination. Sydon sent a sea hag named Heleka to bring
Versi back to his tower in the Forgotten Sea. Like all
hags, Heleka is utterly evil. She is taking immense
pleasure from tormenting the naiad, but Sydon has
forbidden her from physically harming Versi.
Meanwhile, Gaius, the Commander of the Order of
Sydon, has learned that the heroes have come to meet
with the Oracle. He has personally ordered a detachment of soldiers to kill the heroes before they can even
have a chance to become famous enough to challenge
the powers that rule Thylea. The soldiers are led by a
priest named Braeca (LE acolyte), and they have been
ordered to kill the heroes on sight.

O3. The Temple Chamber




O1. Boiling Geysers


The Temple of the Oracle is located in a cleft in the
earth, many leagues from the nearest settlement. As
you descend into the chasm, the forest disappears,
replaced by steep walls of craggy rock. Warm vapors
rise from cracks and vents along the floor of the chasm,
filling the air with an eerie mist. You feel yourselves
sweating from the heat and exertion.


While crossing through the chasm, the heroes may
accidentally stumble across geysers of boiling steam
that suddenly shoot up. Each time the heroes move in
the rocky area of this chasm, they must make a DC 14
Dexterity saving throw. On a failure, they are blasted by
scalding steam and take 2d6 fire damage.
Minions of Heleka
There are four steam mephits in the chasm. They were
summoned by Heleka and ordered to prevent anyone
from getting close to the Temple. The mephits will
attempt to lure heroes to cross the boiling geysers.
36

Ch apter 1 | Heroes of the Prophec y



The inner chamber of the temple is dominated by
a massive bronze statue of Sydon, who sits upon a
throne at the rear of the cella. At the foot of the statue
is a rectangular pool, which reflects the light of four
large braziers into rippling patterns on the ceiling.
Five men clad in bronze mail and bright blue cloaks
are gathered around the sacrificial bier. They appear to
have taken the temple attendants hostage. One of the
hostages is shouting at the soldiers.

KEY LOCATIONS






Braeca is waiting inside the temple with another four
soldiers. He is holding Proteus (LG acolyte) and
three temple attendants (LG commoners) captive, but
he does not intend to harm them. However, the dead
bodies of several more temple attendants are strewn
about the temple in a bloody mess.
Proteus is the elder attendant of this temple, and he is
loudly and forcefully pleading with Braeca to stop “the
witch” from harming Versi. If questioned, he explains
that a sea hag named Heleka arrived at the temple two
weeks ago. She has been wantonly slaughtering his acolytes in order to torment the captive Oracle.
Sacrificial Bier. There is a bronze bier in the room
where sacrificial offerings are usually made by the
priests. Animal bones are scattered among the ashes.
Treasure. Braeca and his men are carrying 25 gp and
100 sp. Braeca carries a bronze symbol of Sydon, which
depicts the wrathful visage of the Lord of Storms.

O4. Locked Stairway Door
The stairway door that leads to the temple basement is
locked. The key to the door is located in the Attendants’
Chambers (O5). The door can be smashed open with a
successful DC 20 Strength (Athletics) check.



O5. The Attendants’ Chambers
These seven rooms are where the temple attendants
sleep. All of the rooms are sparse and tidy. Heleka
enchanted four flying swords and left them hanging
on the wall next to the key to the locked stairway door
(O4). The swords remain motionless until the key is
touched, at which point they come alive and attack.
Treasure. The priests keep no material wealth. They
have extra robes, boots, and scrolls inscribed with
prayers to the gods. Proteus’s room is the one exception.
He has a small chest that contains six potions of healing.

O6. Mimic Door
The door at the bottom of the stairway is a mimic loyal
to Heleka. It looks like a strong oak door with Sydon’s
face carved into it. When someone touches it, the mimic
will attack, with the ‘carved’ face of Sydon biting whoever touched it.

O7. The Oracle’s Grotto




Liquid blue light shimmers and refracts across the slick
walls of this rocky grotto. The room is lit by torches and
filled with the vaporous mist of steaming hot springs.
You can hear water cascading into an underground river
at the rear of the cave.




Versi has lived in the waters of this cave for centuries,
attended by the faithful acolytes who serve her Temple.
She spends her days on the rock in the center of the
cave, inhaling the vapors of the hot spring and listening
to her dreams for new prophecies. Her visions have
always come true, and she is therefore greatly feared
and admired by the people of Thylea. This cave and the
resting chamber beyond it should be considered her lair.
One of the rugs in the center of this grotto is
actually a rug of smothering. It will attack anyone
Ch apter 1 | Heroes of the Prophec y

37

who tries to move deeper into the cave. Heleka is in
the Oracle’s resting chamber, where she is torturing
one of the temple attendants in order to torment the
Oracle herself.

O8. The Oracle’s Chamber




At the entrance to this chamber, a beautiful woman
in golden raiment is stretched out above the underground river, held captive by tendrils of animated
water. In the chamber behind her, a hideous, blueskinned woman cackles as she plunges a knife into a
terrified acolyte.


completely fixated on holding the Oracle, and it will not
retaliate when attacked.
Once Heleka has finished tormenting Versi, she plans
to drag the Oracle into the depths of the cave and search
for an exit to the ocean.
Treasure. Heleka carries a single pearl worth 100 gp.
She also has a note that reads:




Heleka... I bid you now make good upon the oath of
service that once you swore me. You know the secret ways
through the Forgotten Sea to the cave where my daughter dwells. Find her and bring her to Praxys unharmed,
and I will release you from your oath.
— Sydon, Lord of All




Versi is furious with Heleka for slaughtering her temple
attendants, who were like children to her. She would kill
the hag if she could, but she has been restrained in her
resting chamber by a water weird. The water weird is
38

Ch apter 1 | Heroes of the Prophec y

The Oracle's Belongings. In addition to what can be
found on Heleka, many of the gifts that the Oracle has
received over the years are found here. These include:



THE GREAT LABORS

five black pearl gems worth 500 gp each, three emerald
gems worth 1000 gp each, and six fine brooches worth
750 gp each. Taking any of the Oracle’s gifts marks the
thief as cursed by the gods. The curse can only be lifted
by a greater restoration spell or by bringing the treasure
back and begging forgiveness from the Oracle.

The heroes have rescued the Oracle from the clutches
of a hag and cemented their place as the subjects of her
prophecy. Now, it seems that the party must perform
three mighty tasks in order to prepare themselves for a
confrontation with the Titans, Sydon and Lutheria.
Both Proteus and Kyrah are capable of interpreting
the Oracle’s vision. Proteus has extensive knowledge
of Thylea’s geography and culture, but he believes that
these tasks may truly be impossible. Kyrah is more likely
to prod the party into action—she’s eager for an exciting
story to inspire her poetry.

THE ORACLE’S PROPHECY

Once the Oracle has been rescued from the sea hag, she
thanks the heroes and introduces herself. Centuries ago,
she foresaw the coming of great warriors who would
save Thylea in her hour of need.
Now, Versi delivers the full prophecy to those in
attendance.




The Oracle inhales the vaporous fumes that surround
her. She stares into each of your eyes, probing your
souls with her penetrating gaze. Some time passes
before she speaks.
“You warriors who stand here gathered will be
tested. The Fates have revealed three great tasks that
must be accomplished before you are ready to sail
into the three seas and face the Titans.”
“You must shape the silver fires of the lost forge in
order to craft the tools that you will need. You must
claim the mighty weapons wielded against the Titans
by the first Dragonlord. And you must drink deep from
the bottomless dragon horn, for it will reveal a vision
that I cannot see.”
“But woe unto thee, for I have seen the end of all
things. My father’s anger cannot be quelled, and his
sister schemes even now. Your quest may yet fail and,
if it should, the sky will rain black fire, and the doom of
Thylea will come.”


1. Claim the Weapons of the Dragonlords
The weapons of the first Dragonlords were forged at the
Mithral Forge by the god Volkan, and all were capable of wounding the Titans and those descended from
them. These are located in Telamok, a necropolis in
the Mithral Mountains. The tombs were built to house
the remains of the Dragonlords who came to Thylea
five centuries ago. No one ever goes there now, as it’s
guarded by an undead gatekeeper known as Damon,
who must be paid with a special kind of coin before he
will allow anyone entrance. Proteus gives the heroes one
burnished dragonlord coin and tells them to keep it safe.
2. Light the Fires of the Mithral Forge
The Mithral Forge was used by the dwarves to construct the weapons of the gods in the First War. The
Forge can be used to build powerful magical items

Versi the Oracle


With the Oracle’s full prophecy delivered, it’s time for
the heroes to undertake three great tasks. But first, she
will speak with each hero, revealing specific information
about each of their epic paths.
Epic Paths: Meeting the Oracle
Versi has valuable information for heroes using every epic
path. This is an important opportunity to recognize the
backstory and motivations of every epic path in the party.
Don't miss this chance to make your players feel special.
Refer to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.
The Vanished One. Versi will treat the Vanished One
differently than the other heroes. She will ask to speak
to this particular hero privately in her cave, where she
will remind them that they must return to her when the
Great Labors have been completed.

In spite of her heritage, Versi has always shown herself
to be a true ally of the settler races. If anything, she
loves mortals just a little too much.

— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom



or repair ancient magical items that no longer work.
Kyrah suggests that the party travel to the city of
Estoria. A clan of dwarves works the local copper
mines, and they are likely to know more about the
Forge’s whereabouts.
3. Drink From the Horn of Balmytria
The Horn of Balmytria is an actual dragon horn that a
famed silver dragon lost in battle against the gygans. It
was recovered by the priests of Mytros and consecrated
by the Five. It reputedly has many magical powers
including the ability to grant visions to those who drink
from it. The horn was stowed in a reliquary in the city of
Estoria and, as far as anyone knows, it’s still there.
If the heroes ask about the “three seas” Kyrah will
explain that it almost certainly refers to the Cerulean
Gulf, the Forgotten Sea, and the legendary Nether Sea.
Compelled by Prophecy
Even if the heroes refuse to undertake the tasks, the
people of Mytros believe that the prophecy must be
fulfilled, and the gods will conspire to move the quest
forward. Everyone the party encounters will know them
as the ‘Chosen Ones.’

LEAVING THE TEMPLE



This is a good time to introduce the concept of Fame
to your players. Each time the heroes complete a quest
or perform a great deed, they earn Fame. As the party's
Fame increases, they unlock perks. See the Benefits of
Fame table in the Creating Heroes appendix for details.
Kyrah also signals that she will be following the heroes
and watching over them, with the intention of composing an epic poem about their exploits.
Epic Poetry Battle. If the party already has a bard
who wishes to serve as an epic poet, then Kyrah offers
them a challenge: the two of them will compose separate
epics, and when the quest is done, they will each read
their poem aloud at the Theater of the Gods in Mytros to
see which version of the story gets the most applause.
Finally, Kyrah offers one last suggestion before the party
continues onward.




"There is one tiny problem, though. The tricky thing
about fame is, if you're not careful, one hero might outshine all the others. Then all the stories will be about
that one hero and how strong and valiant they are —
and all the rest of you will be yesterday's news."
"So... I encourage you to swear an Oath of
Fellowship. This is a sacred oath that will bind you
together in the spirit of solidarity. When one of you
wins fame, all of you will share it. And, who knows?
Perhaps the magic of the oath will even protect you
against some of the dangers that lie ahead."






If the heroes elect to swear the oath, then your players
should each read the following aloud:

“The future of Thylea may be bleak, but there is always
hope. The people of this land will look to your actions
as a sign of things to come. Seek neither fame nor
fortune, but show them the true meaning of heroism.
Make yourselves a beacon of light as we enter this time
of darkness, and go with the blessing of this temple.”


Kyrah's Advice: Winning Fame
After Proteus has departed, Kyrah offers the heroes
another take on the tasks ahead.
40



The Oath of Fellowship

The party should choose one of the three Labors before
leaving the temple. Kyrah volunteers to serve as a
guide and traveling companion. She won’t take no for
an answer. She recommends traveling to Estoria first,
because the Horn of Balmytria should be there, on display at the Dragon Shrine (E7). She also gives the heroes
the golden arrows that she promised as a reward.
Parting Gifts. Before the party leaves the temple,
Proteus intercepts the heroes and thanks them for
saving Versi from the clutches of the sea hag. He is
skeptical that any of these so-called ‘Great Labors’ may
be accomplished by mortals, but he believes that Thylea
desperately needs heroes who are willing to try. He gives
each of the heroes one potion of healing and takes his
leave of the party with encouraging words:




"Listen to me — forget what Proteus said. This is your
chance to win fame beyond your wildest dreams. You
want fame, right? Of course you do. All great heroes
want fame. Fame is the path to immortality."
"These 'Great Labors' are only the beginning. The
path ahead of you will be filled with opportunities for
winning fame. If you truly manage to rise to your fate
and confront the Titans, then poets will sing of your
deeds for ages to come."

Ch apter 1 | Heroes of the Prophec y





"I am [name], and I swear upon my life and my honor
that I will uphold the oath of fellowship with the warriors who stand at my side."




As they swear the oath, the heroes should toast with a
round of wine. You may choose to re-enact this ritual at
the table for extra dramatic effect.



Chapter 2:

The Great Labors
“I miss my mother dearly, but I wish she had
never devised the Oath of Peace. Five hundred years
without a battle to test me—five hundred years
without a real victory. It's worse than anything the
Titans might have dreamt up to torture me.”

T

—Pythor, King of Estoria, God of Battle

he heroes have rescued the Oracle
from the clutches of the witch Heleka, and in
the process, they've learned the first portion
of what the Fates have in store for them. Now,
they must undertake a series of Great Labors in order to
prepare for their confrontation with the Titans.

Running the Adventure
The party's next destination is the city of Estoria, which
should serve as a base for the heroes for this chapter.
In Estoria, they will meet up with characters and hear
rumors that will lead them to the three locations that
must be visited to complete their Great Labors.
Estoria offers many other activities and quests for the
heroes to engage with. These are all optional, but they
should help immerse players in the world of Thylea.

The Great Labors
The party must perform 2-3 of the following tasks.

• Claim the weapons of the Dragonlords
• Light the fires of the Mithral Forge
• Drink from the Horn of Balmytria
1. Claim the Weapons of the Dragonlords
This task requires the heroes to travel to Telamok, the
necropolis in the Mithral Mountains. This requires a bit
of travel, and it's quite dangerous.
2. Light the Fires of the Mithral Forge
This task requires the heroes to locate the ancient
Mithral Forge. There is a clan of dwarves in Estoria that
works the local copper mines, and they are likely to
know more about the Forge’s whereabouts.
3. Drink From the Horn of Balmytria
The Horn of Balmytria is kept in a reliquary in the city
of Estoria and, as far as anyone knows, it’s still there.
Investigating the Dragon Shrine (E7) in Estoria is the
best place to start.
Meeting King Pythor
In addition to these Great Labors, the heroes will meet
King Pythor of Estoria. Pythor requires the heroes' aid
to prevent his daughter from being sacrificed.
Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

41

The City of Estoria
Estoria is the largest settlement along the Arkelon River.
It is built into a rocky gorge, sprawling down from a
stone-walled fortress that faces the steppes to the north.
The Arkelon itself runs along the northern edge of the
fortress, and forms a natural moat that can only be
crossed by a bridge at the north gate or at the ford near
the Rock of Estor. On the far side of the river from the
city are grasslands where bands of centaurs patrol.

Approaching Estoria
Most travelers approach Estoria from the southern gate,
which is lightly guarded so that merchant caravans can
easily ferry their goods in and out of the city. The north
gate, on the other hand, is heavily guarded by suspicious
soldiers who will only admit the heroes once they recognize them as the Oracle’s ‘Chosen Ones.'




This is a summary of the important NPCs in Estoria.

• King Pythor (see appendix) is the legendary god of
battle who rules Estoria.

• Princess Anora (CG noble) is the favored daughter of
King Pythor and the pride of the city.

This settlement is nestled between the cliffs of a rocky
gorge. The north wall of the town is part of a stone
fortress, and protects the town from any dangers that
might come from the steppes. Houses, taverns, and
shops of all kinds sprawl down from the fortress, filling
much of the gorge. The northern wall is defended by
a legion of soldiers, while the southern gates admit a
steady stream of travelers and merchant caravans. The
road that runs south from the gate is lined with tileroofed inns.


Important NPCs

• Volkan (see appendix) is a grumpy dwarven blacksmith who is actually the God of the Forge.

• Delphion (NG veteran) is the innkeeper who runs
the Dragon’s Tooth, a public house.

• Aesop (NG elven priest) is the keeper of the Dragon
Shrine, where the Horn of Balmytria is enshrined.

• Gaius (see appendix) is the commander of the Order
of Sydon, who demands that Anora be sacrificed.

• Pericles (CG scout) is a retired scout who tends the


The Looming War
Estoria has stood for centuries as the greatest defense
against the centaurs, cyclopes, manticores and other
dangers to be found on the steppes north of the Arkelon
River. The fortress city has been in steady decline since
its god-king, Pythor, began to drown his sorrows in
wine. Now, conflict threatens to swallow Estoria, and
panic is setting in among its citizens.

vineyard at the edge of town.

• Thobos (LG halfling noble) is the mayor of
Woodhike, a nearby settlement.

ARRIVAL IN ESTORIA

When the heroes first arrive in Estoria, run the following encounters:

Encounter: The Southern Gates


• The surrounding farms have few livestock remaining,
exhausted by the daily sacrifices demanded by Sydon.

• The city is experiencing a drought, because the Lord
of Storms is withholding rain from this region.

• Cyclopes have been crossing the river and pillaging
farms along the road to Mytros.

• Centaurs are gathering in record numbers, and are

obviously preparing to assault the city.
• Sydon has demanded that the king's daughter be sacrificed on the night of the next full moon.
• King Pythor has gone mad with grief for his daughter.

42

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s



Approaching the city from the south, you encounter
a caravan of merchants who are also headed towards
Estoria. With them are the first domesticated animals
you have seen in some time, a herd of bony oxen lumbering along the dusty road. The merchants seem tired,
and they greet you warily.


The oxen are to be delivered to the temple, where they
will be added to the other daily sacrifices made to Sydon.
There are barely any draft animals left in the countryside, and even these sickly animals will fetch a high price
because of the king’s desperation to appease the Titan.
The merchants (LN commoners) share this sad tale with
the heroes. They also describe the marauding cyclopes
and centaurs that make the roads dangerous to travel.



KEY LOCATIONS

Quest: Summoned by the King
When the king learns that the Oracle’s ‘Chosen Ones’
have entered Estoria, he immediately sends six soldiers
to fetch the heroes and escort them to his palace.


E1. Public Amphitheater



The streets grow more crowded as you enter the city
proper. Travelers and citizens mingle, exchanging both
goods and gossip. Guards line the streets, though they
are most concentrated by the city gates. Despite their
attempts to present a stoic facade, you sense that they
are restless about something.
A small detachment of hoplites moves towards you
from the north. One man bearing an officer’s insignia
steps forward from his fellows and respectfully hails
your party.




The circular stage of the open air theater has been built
into the bottom of a hill away from the center of town.
Rows of seats taking the form of inlaid stone blocks
spread up the slope of the hill, giving onlookers a clear
view of any performers below.




The guards treat the heroes with cautious reverence,
but they cannot refuse the king’s orders. They encourage the heroes to comply, as they are afraid to return to
the king empty-handed. They seem nervous about the
troubles brewing in Estoria, as it is widely believed that
King Pythor has gone mad.
Quest Hook: The King's Daughter
This encounter begins The King’s Daughter. It's strongly
recommended that you run that part of the adventure
before allowing the heroes to explore Estoria.

RANDOM ENCOUNTERS

These encounters are an easy way to add color to the
city. Roll on the table below whenever you want
something unusual to happen in the city.
Random Encounters in Estoria



This is a small open air local theater. It is used for
festivals, plays, and major public announcements. Most
famously, the annual wine festival takes place here.
Whenever the wine festival is active, priests of
Lutheria come to town, often with fey performers. The
wine festival might happen when the heroes return to
Estoria after finishing one of the Labors. Otherwise, it
might take place in the city of Mytros, later on.
Event: The Wine festival
Whether the festival takes place in the simple theater
in Estoria or the grander one in Mytros, it is the same
event. The festival of three plays lasts for one week and
is led by Tassos (CE priest), a priest of Lutheria. Tassos
gives three performances over the course of a week:

• The Fall of Estor. This tragedy takes place during the

First War and depicts Estor Arkelander's final days. In
the end, he sacrifices himself to save the entire crew of
his legendary ship, the Ultros.
• The Plight of Pellenia. This dark comedy takes
place in Hypnos, the Throne of Dreams. Lutheria is
depicted as charming and sympathetic as she tortures
Pellenia, an acerbic bard with no sense of humor.
• Pythor and the Five Sisters. This tragedy describes
the tumultuous love affair between Pythor and his
jealous wife, Hexia. Pythor is depicted as an irascible
idiot who bumbles his way into becoming king.

d20

Encounter

d20

Encounter

1–2

A street urchin asks the party if they are heroes.
He wants to know, "What's the biggest, scariest
monster you've killed?!"

11–12

Seven cultists of Sydon have tied a cow to an
altar in the public square. They prepare to sacrifice the cow by setting it alight with torches.

3–4

An old, white-bearded satyr thwacks one of the
heroes with his cane and scoffs at the lack of
respect shown to elders in this city.

13–14

An old woman with horrid teeth shouts and
cackles at every passerby, demanding that they
bow to her, the Lady of Dreams!

5–6

A beautiful wine merchant offers the heroes a
bottle as a "free sample" and then charges 1 silver
for every swig they take after the first.

15–16

A couple of angsty teenagers in togas argue
about the existential subtext of Tassos's latest
drama, "Pythor and the Five Sisters."

7–8

A merchant's cart breaks down, and ten heavy
barrels of wine roll out, careening down the
street toward the party!

17–18

A group of hoplite soldiers approach the party
and harass them about their ratty equipment and
rag-tag appearance.

9–10

A powerful centaur shoves past one of the
heroes and demands an apology. "You thought I
was a horse, didn't you?!"

19–20

A goatling runs through the street, kicking over
statues and smashing pottery against the walls.
Guards chase him toward the party.
Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

43

44

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

At the end of the week, the festival ends in a bacchanal
of drinking, eating, and carousing.
In addition to human and elven actors (CN commoners) Tassos uses satyrs in the performances. The
satyrs act in the comedy and perform music for the two
tragedies. His two lead actresses are Seema, a green hag
and an oread nymph named Aria. The green hag uses
her illusory appearance ability to hide her identity, while
the nymph dresses and applies make-up to appear more
human. They hate each other intensely.
Predatory Hag. If Seema notices any of the heroes
watching her performance, she takes an immediate
interest in them. She flirts with them afterwards, with
the intention of convincing them to accompany her
to the party at festival’s end. There she will attempt to
murder the hero and eat their heart. Aria will try to
intervene and shoo the hero away to safety, but Seema
characterizes Aria’s intervention as bitter jealousy.

E4. East Gate




E5. The Agora






This gate includes a fortified stone bridge that crosses
the Arkelon River. The atmosphere at the gate is tense,
as disciplined soldiers stand off against jeering bands
of centaurs on the steppes just beyond the river. The
heavy wooden doors of the gate are apparently kept
shut and barred at all times.




This gate leads to the northern steppes. The great
wooden doors are kept shut and barred, opening twice
daily for scouting parties that patrol the steppes. The
towers are manned by a dozen soldiers.

E3. South Gate




This gate is bustling with merchants and travelers,
many of whom pull heavy carts behind them. The gate
is guarded by two bored-looking soldiers.


This gate is where most merchants enter and leave
the city, traveling along the main road through the
Heartlands. The gate is guarded at all times by two soldiers, and the guard changes at sunrise and sunset.





Estoria’s well-trodden streets converge at the bustling
central agora. A motley assortment of stalls litters
the area, from canopies of fine silk to stacks of rotted
wooden crates. Merchants at the stalls eagerly vie for
your attention with a wide variety of quality wares, all of
which seem very reasonably priced.


E2. North Gate



This gate leads eastward into the vineyards and gardens
that supply the city with much of its wine. The area is
well-protected by the surrounding rocky cliffs, so there
are seldom any guards here.

Attending the Wine Festival
The Wine Festival can be used to help teach the players
about the world. If heroes choose to stop by and watch
one of the performances, you might choose to read aloud
one of the Myths of Thylea. You could even act out a scene
from one of your favorite Greek comedies or tragedies.



This gate is quiet, though you can hear the sounds of
the city echoing through the streets. The floral scents
of gardens and sweet vineyards drift from the east.



The center of activity in Estoria is the agora, the large
open area that serves as the marketplace and public
square for the town. Around the outside of the agora are
long, open air buildings that have shops in the back.
Despite the variety of shops here, the selection of
adventuring gear is rather limited. Basic tools, weapons,
and armor are available for sale, but more advanced
items, such as platemail and crossbows, cannot be
found. If the heroes ask for such things, the merchants
will grudgingly refer them to Volkan's Hall (E9).
Event: Cursed Grave Robber
A starved looking man named Claus (NE bandit) is desperately trying to sell an emerald necklace that he claims
to have found at the Necropolis at Telamok. The necklace is a necklace of fireballs with a single gem left. Claus
is willing to sell it for 1 gp, but none of the merchants in
Estoria are willing to buy it. If the heroes agree to buy
it off of Claus, one of the merchants will intervene and
explain that Claus is a graverobber.
The merchant explains that Claus managed to sneak
past Damon, the guardian of Telamok, and gain entry
to the Necropolis. He stole the necklace from one of
the tombs and is now cursed by the gods. As long as he
has the necklace he is unable to eat: he just throws up
everything. The only way to end the curse is for him to
sell the necklace to someone who knows how he got it.
If he lies when he tries to sell it, or leaves it somewhere,
he always wakes up with it in his possession.
If a hero still foolishly buys the necklace, then they
become afflicted by the curse of the graverobber. Refer to
Introduction: The Laws of Thylea for details.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

45

E6. Living Quarters




Three distinct groups of buildings are walled off from
the rest of the city. The simple stone houses in the
first complex line the central courtyard in neat rows.
The structures of the second group are covered with
ornate statuettes and carvings. The third group is a
rustic collection of humble brick homes.




The chief attendant of this shrine is a priest named
Aesop (NG priest). Aesop has heard the prophecy, and
he has bad news for the party: the Horn of Balmytria
has been stolen from the reliquary. Thieves broke into
the shrine two nights ago and escaped with it. Aesop
will answer any questions the heroes may have about
the horn, and he welcomes an investigation for clues in
the reliquary.
Investigation: The Reliquary


This is the residential district of the city. The citizens of
Estoria are divided into three neighborhoods. The soldiers live in the first area, the craftsmen in the second,
and the farmers in the third. These homes are walled off
from the outside, but each includes a spacious interior
courtyard which provides an open view of the sky.

The reliquary is a small stone chapel with three alcoves
protected by glass. The glass of the central alcove has
been shattered, and dark purple stains are splattered all
over the floor surrounding it.


E7. The Dragon Shrine




This shrine sits at the end of a quiet street that runs
into the wall of the gorge. It’s a large stone building
with a copper dome. The pediment above the door
bears a marble engraving of the legendary dragon,
Balmytria. Inside the building, there is a strong smell of
incense. You can hear the muttering of prayers, as the
priests of the shrine carry out their daily rituals.






Aesop, Keeper of the
Dragon Shrine



Investigating the reliquary reveals many small hoofprints among the stains. The stains are spilled wine, and
they form a haphazard trail that leads out of the building
and into an adjoining alleyway. The party may follow the
stains a short distance until the trail becomes too difficult to follow. At this point, the thieves can be tracked
with a successful DC 15 Wisdom (Survival) check, or by
using the detect magic spell, which reveals that the wine
stains glow faintly with magic.
Following the trail leads the party into the Oldwoods
south of town. It continues for about 10 miles, all the
way to the Mossy Temple.
Returning the Horn of Balmytria
If the heroes return the Horn of Balmytria to the reliquary, Aesop will be overjoyed. If the heroes have not
yet taken a drink from the horn, then Aesop will urge
them to do so now. This is a sacred ritual that should
grant the heroes clarity on their quest.
Aesop asks the heroes to swear an oath to take the
horn to Queen Vallus in Mytros. He warns the heroes
that King Acastus may attempt to claim the horn as a
symbol of his right to resurrect the Dragonlords. Aesop
believes that in these uncertain times, the horn rightfully belongs to the Goddess of Wisdom.
The Keeper of the Dragon Shrine
Aesop is one of the few priests who still honor the
legends of the Dragonlords. In the age before the
First War, the dragons were chief among the forces
that protected the mortals of Thylea. Aesop believes
that the dragons will return one day. He knows that
King Acastus of Mytros has sworn to resurrect the
ancient order of the Dragonlords, and he has heard
rumors that the king now has a small flight of dragons
under his command. For his part, Aesop believes that
if anyone is to resurrect the Dragonlords, it should be
the Oracle's Chosen Ones.

E8. The Dragon’s Tooth




A nondescript brick building with carved white stone
accents, the popular public house distinguishes itself by
the sheer amount of activity in and around it. Patrons
regularly drift in and out in varying states of sobriety.
The scent of food and sounds of raucous conversation
emanate from the open door and windows.


The patrons of The Dragon’s Tooth are talkative. The
heroes can learn many rumors by speaking to the merchants, soldiers, and farmers who gather there:
Rumors in the Dragon's Tooth



This public house is frequented by merchants and
soldiers staying at the thatched inns in the southern
outskirts of town. Lodging at an inn can be arranged
with the bartender, a wiry old white-haired man named
Delphion (NG veteran). He is friendly and knowledgeable, but has little patience for small-talk or superstition. He knows of the party’s quest, and will help them
however he can.

d8

Rumor

1

Teenagers in the region have been disappearing
lately, including Thericles's daughter. Thericles is
the old man who runs the vineyards in Estoria.

2

A massive hurricane is brewing off the coast of
Mytros. It could be weeks before it’s safe to travel
to the city. The roads nearby are closed.

3

The Order of Sydon have demanded the destruction of the Temple of the Five in Mytros.

4

A band of warriors traveled to the Necropolis
last month and haven’t been heard from since.
Everyone knows that the place is forbidden.

5

King Acastus of Mytros has fulfilled his promise
to revive the Dragonlords of old. Several farmers
claim to have spotted his dragons flying overhead.

6

The copper mines of Estoria are struggling to produce enough ore to meet the needs of the city. If
only the Mithral Mines could be reclaimed...

7

Everyone agrees that Princess Anora would make
a much better ruler than her father, King Pythor.
Everyone loves Pythor, but he's a terrible king.

8

Volkan, the old dwarven blacksmith, has been
grumpier than usual lately. He claims to be the
God of the Forge. Everyone just humors him.

Rumors in The Dragon’s Tooth




Stepping through the door, you see that the busy street
outside the tavern barely hinted at the sheer number
of patrons crammed inside. Locals and travelers from
across Thylea crowd around the bar and an assortment
of wooden tables, sharing the latest gossip.




Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

47

Quest: The Dwarves of Estoria
There are several dwarves who visit The Dragon’s Tooth
every night. They work the local copper mine.
The dwarves are part of a clan that was forced to flee
the Mithral Mines centuries ago. Some of them are old
enough to have been alive when that event took place.
They have no interest in returning to the Mithral Mines,
even if it were to be cleared out, because they know that
the entire place was cursed by the Titan, Lutheria.
However, some of the oldest members of the clan are
still seeking closure. They would like to bury the kin
that they lost in the Mithral Mines, and they are willing
to pay 10 gp for each dwarven skull returned to them.

Volkan the
Blacksmith

E9. Volkan’s Hall




Near the center of town is a large building with fortified stone walls and a shingle roof. A sign hangs from
the building’s heavy, bronze-banded doors. It reads,
Volkan’s Hall. Inside the hall, you are greeted by the
warm glow of embers and blasts of hot air. The room
is decorated with a variety of bronze armors, weapons,
and farming tools. A weathered-looking dwarf works at
an anvil near the blistering forge at the back of the hall.
He wipes the sweat from his brow and greets you.


Volkan's Reward
If the heroes chose to sacrifice the great boar to Volkan,
then he will recognize them immediately and grant them
their reward. He has spent the last few days crafting it,
and he’s quite proud of the results. Roll on a lesser magic
item table for the result.



Volkan (see appendix) is actually the legendary God of
the Forge and King Pythor’s father. He is not secretive
about being one of the Five Gods, but locals have long
thought of him as a strange dwarf with delusions of
grandeur. He doesn’t bother to correct them.
Volkan comes across as unbalanced, forgetful, and
myopic. He provides blacksmithing services to Estoria
and all the farming communities in the Heartlands. He
can usually be found at his anvil, grumbling about all the
work to be done. Volkan is assisted by a gangly teenaged
boy named Theo (NG commoner), who minds the
stables and runs errands in town.
Quest: The Mithral Mines
Volkan recognizes the heroes as the Oracle’s Chosen,
and he is vaguely impressed. He rambles at great lengths
about the ancient forge in the Mithral Mines. He speaks
of the great weapons and artifacts that were forged there
in ages past, before Lutheria cursed the place.
Volkan vows to join the heroes in the Mithral Mines
once they have rekindled the fires of the forge.

Dad never showed his feelings much, and he was always
busy in his workshop. But every year on my nameday,
I would find some new magical trinket hidden under
my pillow. That's how I know he cares.
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music

E10. The King's Palace




The once-great Estorian Palace looms high over the
city. Large windows let in copious amounts of sunlight,
which fails to chase away the gloom that has settled
in the palace. As you walk the halls, you notice evidence of the court’s past glory in the form of precious
artifacts dating back to the First War. Extravagant
tapestries show tales of Estoria’s history and King
Pythor’s grand adventures, though more recent events
are nowhere to be seen on the hangings.




The Estorian palace is simple in design. It boasts a single
great hall flanked by side chambers for the kitchens,
servant’s quarters, and bedrooms. At the back is a
stairway that descends to the basements where storage
chambers and dungeons are located. King Pythor (see
appendix) can always be found in the great hall, accompanied by a half-dozen of his advisors (LN nobles).
The first time the heroes come to the palace, refer to
the adventure section, The King's Daughter.

E11. The Rock of Estor




Jutting out of the shallows of the Arkelon River, the
Rock of Estor is less impressive than its name would
suggest. Its flat surface forms a natural altarpiece
where numerous sacrifices have evidently taken place.
There is an iron pole stuck directly in the center of
the rock, and white stones are scattered around its
base. Strong rapids rush past the rock noisily.


by a cyclops that throws boulders at them from 200 ft.
away. He will (deliberately) miss several times, but if
the heroes don’t get the message, he will begin to aim
directly at them. If they attack him, a band of a dozen
centaurs will come to the cyclops’s aid.

E13. The Estorian Vineyards




This rock sits in the middle of the Arkelon River. It is
15 ft. in diameter and stands only a few feet out of the
water. The rock sits in the middle of a ford across the
river that is only 2-3 ft. deep across its entire width. The
top of the rock is smooth with the iron pole sticking in
center, surrounded by chunks of white rock.
Sacrifices to Sydon are made at the rock. Almost
every day, two members of the Order of Sydon (LN
guards) lead a cow out to the rock. They tie the cow to
the iron pole and then hurry away. A few minutes later,
two basilisks (with swim speeds of 20 ft.) emerge from
the water and scuttle over to the cow. They turn the
cow to stone and then devour the petrified remains.
This takes a few minutes, and then they scuttle back
into the river.
Encounter: Basilisks
The basilisks have a cave one mile to the north, and
a successful DC 15 Wisdom (Survival) check reveals
tracks leading into the cave. The cave is only accessible by swimming underwater and then up into a small
grotto where the basilisks have a nest.
Between sacrifices, four basilisks can be found here,
and there are four eggs in the nest. If all four basilisks
are killed, they will no longer show up for sacrifices.

SURROUNDING LANDS



Thericles (NG scout) used to serve the King but has
now retired to the outskirts of Estoria to tend to his
vineyard with his husband. He is descended from the
Phobas family line of the Dragonlords, and he is highly
respected by the citizens of Estoria. He is currently in
despair because his daughter Corinna has gone missing.
Quest: Missing Daughter
Thericles wants someone to find out what has happened
to his daughter. She disappeared into the Oldwood a
week ago, and Thericles has been unable to track her.
In actuality, Corinna is one of many teenagers who
have been lured into the Mossy Temple by a tribe of
goatlings who serve the corrupted dryad, Demetria.
Reward. If the heroes are able to rescue Corinna and
bring her back, Thericles is overjoyed. While he is not a
wealthy man, he does have a family heirloom: a javelin of
lightning. He gladly gives it to the heroes as a reward.



Grassland stretches across the horizon as far as you
can see. The sun shines down from a perfect, cloudless
blue sky. A refreshing breeze blows across your skin
and through the waves of green grass. The picturesque
serenity of this vast, rolling landscape is at odds with the
dangers that lurk in this untamed wilderness.

The lands north of Estoria and across the Arkelon
River are too dangerous for travel. Bands of centaurs
patrol the grasslands just a few miles away from Estoria.
Occasionally a cyclops will lumber through the grasslands as well. If the heroes are determined to explore
the lands north of the Arkelon they will be discouraged



You follow a small trail away from the road and into the
forested hills. After an hour of travel, the trees grow
dense, and the canopy blocks most of the sky.
Eventually, you emerge into an expansive forest
glade carpeted with golden leaves. Several dozen small
huts and houses are scattered throughout the glade,
along the banks of a clear stream. Gnomes and halflings bustle about the area, tending small sheep, foraging for berries, and collecting kindling for their fires.







E14. Woodhike, Halfling Enclave

E12. The Northern Steppes




This lonely vineyard is on the outskirts of the city.
Wooden trellises erupt from the tilled soil in neat, symmetrical rows. Healthy green vines wind around these
structures, bearing a bountiful crop of brilliant purple
grapes. After some walking, you find a fit middle-aged
man among the vines, pruning the plants with great
care. Upon hearing your approach, the man turns to
greet you. Although he appears friendly, his brow is
deeply furrowed with apprehension.







The people of Woodhike are quite friendly, and the
children are endlessly curious about adventurers. Two
friendly sprites live in the nearby woods, and they love
to play pranks on visitors.
Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

49

If the party wishes to speak to someone in the village,
Thobos (LG halfling noble) will invite them into his
house for tea. Thobos is the mayor of Woodhike, and he
travels to Mytros twice a year to represent the smallfolk.
He offers the party anything he can to help with their
quest, but all the beds in Woodhike are for small races.
Once the tea is poured and formalities are out of the way,
Thobos asks the party for their help with his problems.





Quest: Bandits
Recently, animals have been going missing, and the
sprites have discovered trees felled by axes. Thobos
believes that there are human poachers living somewhere nearby. There is in fact a group of bandits about
a mile upstream, led by a woman named Korteva (CE
bandit chief). She’s somehow bullied a gentle-natured
cyclops into joining her gang, and he is convinced that
the bandits are his friends.

The party can persuade the cyclops that the bandits
are not his friends with a successful DC 18 Charisma
(Persuasion) check. Otherwise, if the party threatens the
bandits in any way, the cyclops joins the attack in order to
protect his so-called ‘friends.’
The cyclops is neutral good, so killing him is an evil
act. If the party manages to separate the cyclops from the
bandits, then Thobos is willing to adopt him.

After following the stream for a mile or so, you hear
the sounds of thunderous footsteps just ahead. Soon,
the originator of those loud footfalls comes into view:
a muscular, twelve-foot tall cyclops. He smiles and
waves in your direction. In the trees beyond, you can
see a party of humans sitting around a fire.




The King’s Daughter
The heroes have been summoned to the Estorian Palace
to meet with King Pythor. Pythor is one of the Five
Gods—the legendary God of Battle. But now, he is said
to be mad with grief over his many lost loves, and the
imminent sacrifice of his daughter, Anora.
The Order of Sydon has demanded that the princess
be sacrificed to the Lord of Storms. If this is not done,
then an army of centaurs and cyclopes will descend
upon Estoria and slaughter all the people of the city.
Because King Pythor is one of the Five Gods, he is
bound by the Oath of Peace. He cannot take up arms
against the Titans until the oath ends. Only the heroes
can intervene to save his daughter.

The History of King Pythor
King Pythor has ruled over Estoria for several centuries, having taken power when he overthrew the
tyrant king Lysis Arkelander, a descendant of Estor
Arkelander (after whom the city is named). The long
years have not been kind to the god-king. He has had
more than a dozen wives and countless mistresses, but
those he loved the most have almost always come to
gruesome ends, thanks to the green dragon Hexia. No
one knows why the dragon has such hatred for Pythor,
but the loss of so many loved ones has driven Pythor
to drink.
Although the people of Estoria love him, Pythor is
essentially a womanizing drunkard. He abdicates all his
responsibilities in favor of hunting, seducing the latest
beauty at court, or indulging in drunken and self-pitying excesses that last for days.

I think people love the idea of my brother more than
they love the man himself. It's true that his exploits are
legendary, and as a poet, I can't help but love the stories.

But centuries of wearing the crown have dulled his spirits.

50

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

— Kyrah, Goddess of Music

Meeting the King

as she will do anything to protect her city. Knowing this,
Pythor has locked her away in the dungeons to prevent
her from leaving the palace.

When the heroes arrive in the throne room, Pythor
is drunk and attempting to fight the statues of the
Five Gods, which line the hall. As the Oracle’s chosen
arrive, his attendants withdraw, whispering nervously
among themselves. This leaves only the King to speak
with the heroes.


Possible Solutions



Once the room has emptied and the chamber doors
are shut, the King tosses away his spear and sits heavily
upon his throne, holding his head in his hands. He
beckons you to come closer. “You are the Oracle's
Chosen, yes? Let me tell you of my woes...”




If Kyrah is with the heroes, then she will step forward to
lecture King Pythor, who is her brother.




Before Pythor can continue, Kyrah brashly interrupts
him. “Whatever your ‘woes’ may be, drowning yourself
in wine will not solve them,” she scolds. “You have a
duty to serve your people in these dark times! This
wallowing does no one any good.”
King Pythor hangs his head at her harsh words. “That
may be true, but what can be done? The Oath of Peace
binds my hands. And now, the Titans conspire to steal
away my precious daughter, Anora.”
“But perhaps… perhaps you heroes can aid me.”




Pythor will tell the heroes of the problems that face him.
Several weeks ago, the Order of Sydon sent a detachment of warriors to Estoria with demands from the Lord
of Storms. The Titan demanded that Pythor’s daughter
Anora (LG noble) should be chained to the Rock of
Estor amid the rushing waters of the Arkelon River, and
left there overnight as an offering to Sydon.
Princess Anora
Anora is Pythor’s only child by his last mortal wife, a
woman he dearly loved. Years ago, Anora’s mother was
carried away to the Forgotten Sea by the evil dragon,
Hexia.
The Army of Sydon
If this sacrifice is not accomplished by the next full
moon, then all the gathered tribes of the centaurs will
descend upon Estoria and raze the city to the ground.
Sydon has already starved the city with this latest
drought, and he always makes good on his threats. If
Pythor doesn’t comply and sacrifice his daughter, it will
mean the deaths of thousands.
The Rock of Sacrifice
To be chained to the Rock is to be devoured by the
beasts of the river. Princess Anora is resigned to her fate

The heroes can discuss solutions with Pythor and Kyrah.
The heroes need not act immediately; they have the
time to complete one Great Labor before the next full
moon. However, if the heroes fail to show up, the Order
of Sydon will carry out the sacrifice by force, with Anora
going willingly to her doom.
Pythor, all kingly dignity washed away, will beg the
heroes to help protect his daughter. He suggests the
following possible courses of action:

• Negotiate with the Order of Sydon. The heroes could
persuade the Order of Sydon to choose another sacrifice. Pythor offers fifty oxen (worth 100 gp each) for
this solution. He knows that the Order will also want
another human, but he can’t bring himself to suggest
anyone. If present, Kyrah will suggest that this may be
the best option available.
• Challenging the centaur chieftain. The heroes could
challenge the centaur chieftain to combat. If they
prevail, they could demoralize the army of centaurs
and cyclopes that have gathered along the northern
banks of the Arkelon. This would be a feat worthy
of the Dragonlords, but Kyrah thinks this would be
suicide, as the only way to disperse the army would be
to defeat the chieftan on unequal footing.
• Let Anora be sacrificed. The heroes can tell Pythor
that they are unable to help. If they do so, Pythor will
drink himself into a stupor before the sacrifice and
remain insensible for a week afterwards.

One additional option is to track down and kill the
basilisks that petrify those offered on the Rock of Estor.
No one will suggest this plan, so the heroes will have
to come up with this on their own. It should be noted
that doing so will not save the princess, for Lutheria
will send harpies to Anora’s sacrifice to make sure of
the death.

Asking for Assistance
If the heroes ask for help in accomplishing their Great
Labors, King Pythor will direct them to talk to his father,
the dwarf Volkan who runs the local smithy. If pressed
as to how a dwarf could be his father, Pythor will apologetically explain that, “it’s... complicated.”
Epic Paths: Meeting Pythor
Pythor has valuable information for the Demi-god and the
Lost One. However, he will use this for leverage, and he
is significantly more helpful after Anora has been rescued.
Refer to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

51

The Order of Sydon
The seven captains representing the Order of Sydon
can be found lodging in the palace. They are led by a
heavily-armored man named Gaius (see appendix). He
will turn down the offer of fifty oxen and will initially be
against anyone taking the place of Anora.
However, Gaius will change his mind if any of the
heroes suggest themselves as replacements. If they don’t
think of this, he suggests it before they leave. He knows
that Sydon wishes to see the Oracle's Chosen killed, and
offering them up on the Rock of Estor would be a fitting
way to do it. Gaius will only agree to a substitution if all
of the heroes agree to be sacrificed together.

The Centaur Chieftain
King Pythor arranges for the heroes to meet with the
chieftain on the other side of Arkelon. The chieftain
comes with a dozen centaurs and two cyclopes. The
chieftain, Baenor, is a massive centaur (centaur hero
with maximum hit points), and he can be convinced
to participate in a ritual combat with a successful DC
20 Charisma (Persuasion) check (or with a particularly
strong argument).
Ritual Combat. If the heroes convince Baenor, then
he swears an oath that his army will leave the city in
peace if his side loses. Baenor will demand that there are
an equal number of combatants on both sides. He also
demands that all of the heroes participate in the battle.
Baenor leads the fight, joined by one cyclops, and the
remainder of his force are a number of centaur heroes
to equal the number of heroes. It should be obvious that
victory here will be almost impossible. Kyrah will advise
against it, especially if the heroes intend to use trickery,
as this will only anger the centaurs further.
If the heroes persist and are killed, Kyrah will gather
their bodies and bring them back to the palace, where
she spends one week reviving them.

central pole. The shackles can be unlocked with a successful DC 15 Dexterity check with thieves' tools. They
can also be destroyed by attacks (AC 15, 10 HP each).
On the far side of the river, twelve centaurs gather to
watch the proceedings. They will not intervene unless
attacked or anyone tries to get to their side of the river.
The Harpies Attack. Ten minutes after the heroes are
chained, three harpies will begin to circle one hundred
feet above the rock. The harpies have been sent by
Lutheria to watch over the spectacle of the sacrifice. The
harpies won’t use their songs, but they will taunt the
heroes. If any of the heroes leave the Rock of Estor the
harpies will use their luring song to lure those particular heroes into the depths of the river, where they will
swoop down and attempt to kill them.
The Basilisks Attack. Twenty minutes after the
heroes are chained, two basilisks will emerge from
the river and attack anyone on the Rock of Estor. If the
basilisks have already been killed in their nest cave,
then nothing appears. The harpies, the centaurs and
the Order of Sydon will become increasingly agitated
as they wait for the basilisks. Eventually the harpies will
swarm down in a fury and try to kill the heroes.
If the heroes survive until sunrise, then Gaius and
his captains will grudgingly allow them to go free. The
terms of the sacrifice have been met, even if the Titan
himself is infuriated by the outcome.

CELEBRATION
WITH THE KING

If the heroes survive the Rock of Estor or prevail in a
battle against the centaur chieftain, Pythor will summon
them back to his throne room in the palace.


THE SACRIFICE




You are part of a grim procession that leads toward
the Rock of Estor in the River Arkelon. Gaius and
his knights lead you through the ford and onto the
sacrifical rock. After binding each of you by the leg
to the central pole, Gaius motions to you and says,
“You are now offered as a sacrifice to appease the
Lord of Storms. Remain here until the sun rises. If
you step away from the rock, this city will suffer the
wrath of Sydon.”


Gaius and all seven of his captains accompany the
heroes to the Rock of Estor. Each person chained to
the Rock of Estor can only move up to 10 ft. from the

52

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s







When you return to the palace, King Pythor is already
deep in his cups, celebrating your victory. He greets
each of you with a bone-crushing hug and a painful
slap on the back. “Warriors of the prophecy, you have
my eternal gratitude!”
“There was a time when I would have taken to the
fields to battle the centaur army single-handedly, but
alas, I fear my fighting days are behind me. Perhaps it’s
time to officially retire my hammer…”


The king retrieves his hammer (Pythor’s hammer) and
grants it to one of the heroes, giving preferential treatment to his demi-god children if any are present.
As the God of Battle, Pythor once used this hammer
to smash entire armies of gygans, centaurs, and cyclopes. There are countless stories about this hammer,
none of which Pythor can quite recall at the moment.
He explains that his father, Volkan, the God of the Forge,
created it. Volkan can use the hammer to craft mighty
weapons and armor at the Mithral Forge.

The measure of a hero is one's ability to protect those that
we care about most. The new Dragonlords cannot merely
be warriors with mighty weapons... they must also be
willing to make great sacrifices for the future of Thylea.
—Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine

Finally, the king declares a full week of celebration in
Estoria, in honor of the heroes. The heroes may choose
to stay and enjoy the week’s celebrations. There will
be plays at the public theater that they can participate
in, as well as much feasting and drinking. If Kyrah is
present, she encourages the party to press on with
their Labors.

The Mithral Forge
The Mithral Forge was used by the dwarves to construct the gods’ weapons in the First War. Almost all of
the powerful magical weapons and armor used by the
Dragonlords and their successors were created here. It
now lies abandoned by the dwarven smiths: the upper
levels have become the lair of a tribe of troglodytes, and
the lower levels are guarded by a terrifying beast.

The Abandoned Road


This long-abandoned road is rocky and overgrown with
roots and thorny shrubs. It winds westward along the
granite cliffs of the Estorian tributary. North of the
road are expansive steppes, and beyond that, hazy blue
mountains. The sky is gray and cold by day, but at night
the clouds withdraw to reveal a blanket of stars.

The History of the Forge
The Mithral Forge was a key component of the victory
of the Dragonlords over the armies of the Titans. The
dwarves that came across the seas with the Dragonlords
discovered this deposit of mithral and adamantine in the
central mountain range of the new continent. For more
than a decade, the mithral and adamantine was mined
and used to forge weapons, armor, and magical artifacts
for the mortal armies.
The Titan, Lutheria, decided that something had to be
done about the mine. She formed a pact with the Fates,
who used their magic to breed a terrifying cerberus
hound. Lutheria unleashed this hound to destroy the
forge and slaughter the dwarves.
After driving out the dwarves, the cerberus hound
made a lair in the mines and began to spawn hundreds
of death dogs. The Dragonlords tried to retake the
forge, but they were repeatedly driven back until they
were forced to abandon it entirely.
For several centuries the hound watched over the
ruined forge. However, a decade ago, some primordial
thing from the depths of the Underdark emerged and
killed it. The death dogs remained in the mine but,
without anything to direct them, they retreated into the
lower depths. Several tribes of troglodytes crept into the
upper levels soon afterwards.

TRAVELING TO
THE FORGE

The Arkelon River flows southward from the Mithral
Mountains and cascades over the Great Falls of Arkelon,
where it empties into the Cerulean Gulf. Setting out
from the North Gate of Estoria at dawn, the heroes may
follow an abandoned road through the steppes to reach
these falls by dusk.







This road was once used to ferry metal goods and ore
from the mines, until it was abandoned centuries ago.
The steppes are quiet and the trip is uneventful. At
sunset, the heroes encounter a band of centaurs.

Encounter: Band of Centaurs




The thunder of hooves can be heard from the north.
You see a dozen mounted men riding in your direction.
The riders wear bronze helmets, and they carry long
pikes tied with flowing scarlet ribbons. As the riders
draw closer, you realize that they aren’t riders at all.
They are centaurs—nomadic warriors with the torsos
of men and the lower bodies of horses.




Twelve centaurs will surround the heroes. If the centaurs
are attacked, they will fight only to subdue, not to kill.
The chief of the centaurs is named Hukar. He warns
the heroes that, if they are heading to the Great Falls,
then they should beware. Troglodytes dwell in the caves
there, emerging at night to hunt for food. He thinks that
two of his kin fell into the clutches of the foul creatures.
There is nothing he can do for them, as the paths and
tunnels of the mines are too treacherous for his kind.
Quest: The Missing Centaurs
If the heroes agree to search for Hukar’s kin, then he
gives them an ivory horn. He tells them to blow the horn
on the riverbank of the Arkelon when they have discovered the fate of his kin, and he offers a reward.
Rewards. If the heroes discover the fate of the missing
centaurs, they may do as Hukar instructed. The horn
will summon the centaurs to the riverbank. They will
Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

53

mourn their dead and invite the party to drink under the
stars with them. True to his word, Hukar will give the
heroes three potions of heroism as a reward.
Blood of Sydon. Hukar explains that the potions are
concocted from the blood of his tribe, who are blessed by
the Lord of Storms, the Ocean Father—Sydon. He knows
that the heroes are prophesied to confront the Titans, but
he encourages them to consider Sydon's great wisdom.

THE GREAT FALLS
OF ARKELON




This rocky promontory looks out over a spectacular
vista dominated by the Great Falls of Arkelon. The
river cascades over a sheer cliff and roars into a vast,
semi-circular lake, throwing up a white mist.
The Great Falls are almost beyond description. It’s
as if an entire ocean has spilled over the edge of the
world, and you stand marveling at the space beyond.
You have never seen anything so grand. The sound of
rushing water is almost deafening, and the light of the
fading day gleams across the water like red gold.
Four massive statues of stone hands surround the
lake. To the south, you can see the river snaking down
from the mountains, through the Oldwoods, while
the snowcapped Mithral Mountains dominate the
western horizon.


54

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

A wooded path descends down to the misty riverbank,
where the collapsed entrance to the mines can be seen.
A secret pathway into the mines can be found here with
a trivial investigation.
The lake is flanked by four massive statues of hands,
two per side. These are the Hands of Kentimane, the
Elder Titan, but they are dormant for now.

The Collapsed Entrance
The main entrance to the mines is blocked by tons of
rubble and is completely inaccessible. This was done by
the dwarves when they fled from the cerberus hound, as
they hoped to keep the beast sealed away.

F1. Secret Pathway




This rocky ledge leads up from the riverbank and passes
through a short tunnel, which deflects an endless
cascade of water from the Great Falls. The ledge grows
narrower as it ascends, stretching for a quarter-mile
along a sheer cliff of slick black rock. Beyond the ledge,
a shimmering curtain of translucent water spills down
to crash on the rocks below. Cold white mist fogs your
vision, and roaring water drowns out all other sound.




This path leads under the waterfall. Anyone walking
along it is sprayed with water from the falls. Wet moss
covers the sides, though the path itself is well used and



relatively safe. This is the main path used by troglodytes
to go hunting at night. There is a rope ladder that leads
down to the river below that troglodytes use when they
go fishing. This pathway was carved into the cliffside
centuries ago when the dwarves were first exploring the
natural caves behind the waterfall.

The Troglodytes of Mithral Mountains
The troglodytes here are foul creatures that came from
the deep regions of the Underdark, far below the sunlit
lands of Thylea. They were driven to the surface by the
same primordial creature that killed the cerberus hound.
Now, they hunt for food on the surface at night. While
they dine mainly on fish, they consider the tortured flesh
of centaurs and civilized folk to be delicacies.
The hierarchy of the troglodytes is determined by
strength, with troglodyte brutes taking all the choicest
meats. Brutes usually stay within the troglodyte warrens,
forcing their weaker kindred to do the hunting.
Troglodytes like to attack by stealth, using their chameleon skin to merge into the walls of the Mithral Mines.
Typically, one troglodyte will grapple a victim at the
start of combat so that the victim’s companions have to
choose to abandon their friend if they flee.
If the troglodytes manage to defeat the heroes, they
won’t kill them but instead bring them to their king. The
heroes will awaken with all of the effects of a short rest,
but with none of their weapons.

Encounter: Troglodyte Foragers




A stink wafts up from below as four filthy-looking
humanoids clamber onto the path ahead. Each carries
a net full of wriggling fish. Upon seeing you, the
trogloytes drop their fish and chatter to each other.
The stench is nearly overwhelming. You notice a
hungry gleam in their eyes.




These troglodytes are part of a daily expedition sent
to fish the river further down from the falls. There are
three troglodytes and one troglodyte brute. They
attack the heroes as soon as they spot them.

F2. Forked Tunnel




This natural tunnel runs for fifty feet at a slight
incline. The floor is wet and moss grows along the
walls and ceiling. The floor is well-used, covered in
the tracks of the foul creatures from the waterfall.
The tunnel eventually forks. To the left, the tunnel
continues into a network of natural caves. A terrible
stench comes from this direction, along with echoing
shrieks of pain and horror. To the right, the tunnel
becomes a stonework passageway.


F4. The Prison Pit




THE TROGLODYTE CAVES

The troglodyte caves are inhabited by dozens of the
vile creatures, including broodmothers and litters of
troglodyte young. They are more organized than typical
troglodytes, because they have an intelligent king.

F3. Troglodyte Cave Entrance




A natural stair descends into a cavern lit by the flickering fire of a roasting pit. The partially-burnt body of
a centaur is spitted over the pit. Across the room is a
prison pen fashioned out of petrified timber. It is currently holding a centaur that is being tormented by a
half-dozen loathsome lizard people. The creatures poke
at the centaur with sharpened sticks and croak with
delight when he cries out in pain.



This corridor is heavily used. Every time the heroes
travel through the tunnel, there is a 1 in 6 chance that
they encounter a band of (2d4 + 2) troglodytes led by a
troglodyte brute. One troglodyte will run back to the
warrens to raise the alarm, while the other troglodytes
fight to the death.



The tunnel descends into the earth. Out of the darkness rises a stench worse than anything you have ever
known. The shrieking sound from deep within the
caves suddenly ceases.


The cave entrance is guarded by four troglodytes.
They press up against the sides of the tunnel and have
advantage on their Stealth checks due to their chameleon trait. Every six hours, the troglodyte guards here
are replaced by four new troglodytes from deeper in
the caves.



This prison pit is where the troglodytes keep any prey
that they capture. There are four troglodytes in the
room. In addition, two troglodyte brutes are hidden
against the walls, and they have advantage on Stealth
checks due to their chameleon trait. They attack immediately and fight to the death.
Captured Centaurs. The young centaur being held
captive here is Kaluk, one of Hukar’s kin. The spitted
centaur is Hirak, who can still be saved with healing
spells if the heroes move quickly enough. He will die
within five rounds unless healed. Both Kaluk and Hirak
wish to leave the mines as quickly as possible.



Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

55

F5. The Warrens


F8. Refuse Pit




This area seems to be a den of sorts. Straw mats lie
along the edges of the cave, and they are covered in
filth. The floor is littered with the bones of humans,
centaurs, and other creatures.




This cluster of tunnels and caves are where most of the
troglodytes dwell. The warrens are normally the resting
place for dozens of the creatures, but when the heroes
arrive, most of them are elsewhere. Two troglodytes
and two troglodyte brutes currently sleep in the caves.
If they hear the heroes coming, the troglodytes will hide
along the walls or in their own filth on the floors, preparing an ambush as the heroes investigate.



This cave is much colder than the previous areas. A
strange, cold wind blows from the southwest tunnel.




Three troglodytes and a troglodyte brute are here. The
southwest tunnel descends for several miles into the
Underdark. This is how the troglodytes originally made
their way to the surface. The vast network of caves that
makes up the deep regions of the world are beyond the
scope of this book.

F7. Brood Den


As you enter this cave, the hideous stench somehow
grows even worse. Three large troglodytes squat in
the center of the cave. From their looks, these are the
broodmothers for a litter of more than a dozen young.
The broodlings are currently tearing their weakest
sibling limb from limb as it squeals in terror.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

Treasure
Buried 5 feet under the disgusting muck is a mithral
breastplate, mithral ringmail, an adamantine short
sword and an adamantine spear. None of these items
radiate magic, so the only way to find them is to poke
around in the refuse. Finding an item requires one
minute and a successful DC 15 Investigation check.
Anyone who touches the filth automatically fails at any
stealth-based activity until they can have a bath.

F9. The Troglodyte King




This chamber has rough-hewn stone steps that rise up
to a platform at the far end. On the platform is a huge
troglodyte sitting on a crude throne. This creature
wears a golden circlet, and he is flanked by several
others of his kind. He smiles wickedly and addresses
you in your language: “How dost thou, sweetlings?”


This is the troglodyte king. He has possessed his headband of intellect for over a century, but it has brought
him little cheer. He’s fallen into a deep depression,
because he’s surrounded by filthy idiots all the time, and
he has no one worth talking to. When the heroes arrive,
he is eager to engage them in conversation.



The broodmothers are bigger than average and have
the statistics of troglodyte brutes. They will viciously
defend their young and fight to the death.
There are twelve troglodyte broodlings (8 AC, 1
HP). They hiss at the heroes, but they do not attack. If
approached, they will try to bite the heroes. Such heroes
must make a DC 12 Dexterity saving throw or suffer 1
piercing damage and become poisoned for 1 hour.
If the broodlings are not slain, they will grow into
adult troglodytes within 1 week. This may create a
minor moral dilemma for the party.

56










This is where the troglodytes leave their waste. Entering
this room requires each hero to make a successful DC 15
Constitution saving throw or be poisoned for 1 hour.

F6. Chilly Cave




A darkened pit gapes in the center of this chamber.
The sides of the pit are coated with wretched streaks
of black and brown. You choke on the stench, which
burns your eyes and nostrils.

The Eloquent Troglodyte
The king is able to speak the common tongue, but he
does so in an unusual manner. Caliban from Shakespeare’s
The Tempest is a good inspiration for his style of speech.
Describing his predicament: This golden band taught
me language; and my profit on’t is, I know how to curse.
The gods torment me; Oh! Such unworthy company
these foul things are.
Proposing a game of riddles: Thou makest me merry;
I am full of pleasure: let us play a game!
Reacting to insults: Prithee, tread softly, that my anger
not be unleashed upon thee!
Shouting encouragement to his brutes during battle:
Lo, lo, again! Bite them to death, I prithee.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

57

58

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

Game of Riddles
The king moans about the unfairness of his predicament
and asks to engage the heroes in a game of riddles. He is
evil to the core, and plans to eat the party, no matter the
outcome of the game. However, he desperately wishes
to test his enhanced intellect against the heroes, so he
would prefer to outsmart them.

F11. The Cockatrice Pens


Table of Troglodyte Riddles
Riddle

Answer

What becometh harder to catch, the faster
that thou runneth?

Breath

What dost thou breaketh every time thou
speaketh?

Silence

What runs but never walks, has mouths but
never talks, has heads but never weeps, and
has beds but never sleeps?

A River



THE MITHRAL MINES

The mines were built out from a shaft that gives easy
access to a vein of mithral and adamantine mineral
deposits. The shaft descends for one mile into natural
caverns that connect with the Underdark. The dwarves
mined the easily accessible ore along the first 500 ft. of
the shaft before they were driven out by the cerberus
hound. The mithral and adamantine veins continue all
the way down to the Underdark. Untouched since the
dawn of time (except for the few decades the dwarves
mined it), the deposits are the greatest lodes of mithral
and adamantine in the world. The troglodytes inhabited the upper level of the mine until just a few days ago
when the death dogs arrived.

F12. Barracks






Ahead of you, the natural passage breaks into a tunnel
of what looks to be dwarven construction. A stone
bridge crosses overhead, and a narrow 5-foot-wide
ledge leads up to it. The bridge is apparently guarded
by a statue of a large, two-headed dog.

The tunnel extends into the deep shaft where the
mithral and adamantine can be found. Centuries ago,
dwarves discovered the veins of the valuable minerals
while exploring the natural caverns. The statue is a
death dog that was petrified by a cockatrice. It awakens
from its petrification 10 minutes after the heroes arrive.



This room looks like the scene of a recent battle.
There are several half-eaten troglodyte corpses in one
corner. Three statues of two-headed dogs stand at
the center of the room. There are also several rotting
wooden racks that might have once been used for
weapons and armor.

F10. Broken Entryway





There is a single cockatrice running around loose, and
it attacks the heroes. If the heroes wait around in this
room for more than one minute, the death dog’s petrification ends and it also attacks.
These pens are used by the troglodytes to keep a flock
of cockatrices. The troglodyte king enjoys breeding
them and fighting them against each other. He also uses
the cockatrices to petrify prisoners so that they can be
preserved for later consumption. Sometimes he serves a
cooked cockatrice to 'honored guests.'
Just a few days ago, the death dogs from the lower
levels started exploring the upper levels. The dogs killed
the troglodytes in this room, but one of the troglodytes
let the cockatrices loose as a last resort. The cockatrices
ran amok. Some were eaten by the death dogs while
others used their power to petrify the beasts.

The king is accompanied by two troglodyte brutes
and one female troglodyte. The king is a troglodyte
brute with maximum hit points and 19 Intelligence.
Treasure. Aside from the king's headband of intellect,
he carries a single mithral ingot as a royal scepter. The
scepter is worth 500 gp.





This square chamber seems to have been used as a pen
for some sort of animals, but whatever was here has
escaped. Cages made from petrified wood lay broken
or open. A statue of a troglodyte stands in the middle
of the room, along with a statue of a two-headed
dog. Scattered about the room are about a half-dozen
corpses of what appear to be chickens.



There are two cockatrices in this room. They attack
when the heroes enter. The three death dog statues
will awaken from their petrification 10 minutes after
the heroes arrive. The death dogs awaken one at a time,
every two rounds.

F13. Storage Room




This looks like it was once a storage room. It's filled
with rotting sacks and broken crates.






This was once a storage room for the dwarves. It was
looted long ago.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

59

F14. The Dwarven Hall


F17. The Deep Shaft




This massive hall is supported by a series of pillars,
many of which have been broken. The corpse of a gargantuan three-headed dog is splayed out in the center
of the room. Several two-headed hounds chew away at
the flesh of this rotting corpse. The skeletal remains of
dwarves are scattered everywhere.




There are three death dogs in this room. They attack
and fight to the death. The cerberus appears to have
been killed by something massive, which must have
come up from the Deep Shaft (F17).
Treasure. One of the dwarven skeletons wears a
mithral chain shirt. There are 25 dwarven skeletons.
Their skulls may be returned to the dwarves at The
Dragon's Tooth (E8) for proper burial.



F15. Dwarven Quarters




Rotting bunk beds and chests make it obvious that this
chamber was living quarters, of sorts.




The dwarves took most of their possessions when they
fled. The troglodytes have looted almost everything else,
but there are a few valuables that can be scavenged.
Room One. There is a sack buried underneath the
rotting furniture. It contains 65 sp.
Room Two. There is nothing of value in this room.
Room Three. One of the dwarven skeletons has a ring
with an amethyst worth 250 gp.

F16. Entrance Hall




This tunnel expands into a grand entrance hall, but it is
completely blocked by rubble after thirty feet.




This tunnel leads to the surface, but it is blocked by
many tons of rubble which cannot be moved.

When the mithral deposits were first discovered, I saw
little reason to celebrate. It was not until I first held
a mithral weapon that I appreciated the ingenuity of
Volkan and his dwarven smiths.

—Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (6 DA)

60

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s



This stonework tunnel ends at the precipice of a huge
natural rift in the earth. The rocky ceiling is only twenty
feet above you, but the rift drops away into a fathomless black depth. Veins of silvery ore can be seen in
the sides of the shaft. Ancient mining equipment lines
the walls, but the wooden platforms and walkways are
rotten and unusable. Chains are attached to the ceiling
of the shaft in a pulley system that used to lift ore from
the depths. Most of the chains are rusted and many
have broken. The area around you has been scored by
gouges in the stone, as if some giant claw once reached
out of the pit.


There is nothing living here, but it has an ominous feel
to it. There used to be wooden platforms that allowed
dwarves to mine the mithral and adamantine, but most
are gone and anything that remains is unusable. There
are also pulley systems and ore pails along the sides.
There is an entrance to the second level 100 ft. down
the shaft, but the only way to reach it is to climb the
sheer face of the shaft. Doing so requires three successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics) checks. Someone who
manages this could use pitons and rope to create an
easier path for everyone else.
The shaft goes down for a mile, becoming increasingly
hot before ending in a huge cavern filled with noxious
gas. Stalagmites, stalactites and a fiery red glow give it
the appearance of some kind of hell.
Falling to the bottom inflicts 70 (20d6) bludgeoning
damage. Every round spent in the gas-filled cavern
requires a DC 10 Constitution saving throw to avoid
being poisoned. This is actually an entrance to the
Underdark which empties into a lake of magma. What
lies beyond the lake is outside the scope of this book.

F18. The Dwarven Elevator




This room seems to be some sort of dwarven elevator.
It is a ten-foot metal cube crafted from bronze, with
leering dragon heads engraved into the walls. The
dragons are depicted with snarling mouths.


This elevator leads 100 feet down to the Mithral Forge
area, but it’s deadly to anyone who doesn’t know the
required password. The password is the word “dragon”
in dwarvish (the troglodyte king knows this). The elevator is an elaborate and deadly fire trap:
Triggering the Trap. Inside the elevator is a lever
to activate it. Once engaged, the elevator begins to
descend. It takes 5 rounds to descend all the way.



• On the second round, all heroes inside must roll for

initiative. On initiative count 20 of the second round,
black oil is pumped into the room from the mouths of
the dragon heads on the top of the elevator.
• On the third round, the roar of flames can be heard
from below and oil continues to be pumped into the
room.
• On initiative count 10 of the fourth round, flames
pour through mouths of the dragon heads on the sides
of the room, igniting the oil. Anyone in the elevator
takes 21 (6d6) fire damage at the end of the fourth
round and the fifth round. The damage is reduced by
7 (2d6) if the oil was blocked before initiative count 10
of round 3 and by a further 7 (2d6) if blocked before
initiative count 10 of the second round.
• At the end of the fifth round, the fire dissipates, and
the elevator doors open with a bell chime.
Disabling the Trap. The trap can be disabled by
speaking the command word at any time, or by jamming
the mouths of the dragons, to prevent the flames from
coming through. If the dragon heads are jammed, they
glow fiery red, and the heat is intense.
The heroes can pull the lever to take the elevator back
to the upper levels. Descending again will restart the
trap mechanism.

F19. The Armory






The armory was ransacked long ago and all that remains
is rotten wood, refuse, bones, and broken equipment.
The armor and weapons are of exquisite make, but they
have been rendered useless by centuries of neglect.
Treasure
There is a mithral xiphos +1 buried under the refuse. It
is covered in a layer of dirty grime and corrosion. It can
be located with a successful DC 20 Wisdom (Perception)
check or with the detect magic spell.

F20. The Lava Pool




This room is dominated by a large circular vat of
molten lava in the center. Something is swimming
beneath the bubbling magma. An ornate bronze sphere
stands close to the lava pool. The sphere is supported
by four legs and has a spout that faces toward the lava.

THE MITHRAL FORGE

This is the central part of the Mithral Mines, where
the dwarves forged the magical items used by the
Dragonlords to defeat the armies of the Titans. The
most obvious way to get down to the armory is by using
the elevator, but it is also possible to reach the armory
by climbing down the main shaft.



This room is lined with iron racks for holding weapons
and armor. Almost all of the racks have been tipped
over, and the only weapons and armor that remain are
broken or corroded. Bones and refuse lay in piles in the
corners of the room.





There are two death dogs that rest here. They sit by the
bronze device, but they don’t do anything except growl
at the heroes. If anyone tries to touch the bronze sphere,
the death dogs attack.

The Forgekeeper. In the lava pool is the Forgekeeper,
a salamander. She swims in the lava pool and is willing to talk to the heroes. She explains that the bronze
device has been configured to keep her from escaping
by blasting the area with cold unless it’s disabled. It
was designed by the dwarves who originally built the
forge. The Forgekeeper is aware of the history of the
entire place and is willing to share the information if the
heroes promise to disable the sphere. The Forgekeeper
also knows the password to the elevator.
Triggering the Trap. Should the Forgekeeper leave
the lava pool before the bronze sphere device is deactivated, it makes a clicking noise and anyone in the room
is suddenly struck by the effect of a cone of cold spell for
36 (8d8) cold damage. This cold blast repeats every five
rounds until the bronze device is disabled.
Disabling the Trap. The device can be disabled by
smashing the sphere (AC 18, 30 HP). When smashed,
the sphere will release its magic across the entire room,
inflicting 36 (8d8) cold damage on everyone present. A
successful DC 15 Investigation check will reveal that the
device can be jammed. If jammed, the device makes a
grinding noise every round for five rounds, and then the
trap triggers as normal.
The Forgekeeper's Contract
Negotiating with the Forgekeeper will bring the attention
of the young cerberus hound in the other room. The
hound will enter the room and attack with the death dogs.
Once freed, the Forgekeeper thanks the heroes. She
has been imprisoned for centuries and fosters a burning hatred for all dwarves. She will treat dwarves in the
party with hostility. The dwarves summoned her to the
mortal world and then bound her within their forge.
She not only powered the forge, but also used her
skills as a metalsmith to help the god Volkan craft many
powerful mithral and adamantine items. She must
remain for five centuries unless the contract that bound
her is destroyed. She thinks that the tablet bearing the
contract is kept in the Blast Furnace (F21). She knows
how to restart the forge and is willing to do so if the
party agrees to release her from her contract.
If the heroes give the Forgekeeper the contract, she
will melt it. However, instead of immediately returning
to the Plane of Fire, she will remain for one year and
forge items for the heroes. The heroes can try to coerce
the Forgekeeper with the contract tablet, but the results
are always the same.
62

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

F21. The Blast Furnace




This room appears to be a dead blast furnace. Four
large stone vats are lined up against the walls. Spouts
extend from the walls over the top of the vats. At the
center of the room, there is a 3 ft. wide circular hole.




This is where mithral ore was melted down into ingots.
The blast furnace is guarded by a young cerberus
hound. He is intelligent enough to hold a conversation
with the heroes. He claims to be a servant of Lutheria,
the Mistress of Death.
The hound’s mother was killed a few years ago by a
great beast from the bowels of the earth. He took her
place by devouring a half-dozen of his brothers and
sisters. He won’t talk for long, because he’s very, very
hungry. He has three mouths to feed, after all!
Treasure. The cerberus hound has gathered some of
the dwarves’ ancient treasure. Coins totaling 56 pp, 125
gp, and 389 sp are gathered in a corner. There is also an
adamantine trident and six adamantine javelins. The
rune tablet that keeps the Forgekeeper bound to the
Mithral Mine is part of this treasure hoard.
Event: Awakening the Forge
Only the Forgekeeper can awaken the Forge. Once the
cerberus hound is defeated, she tells the heroes to wait,
then slithers down a hole in the floor. Five rounds later,
she returns from the same hole. Lava bubbles from the
hole and begins to flow in rivulets through the room.
Anyone with a passive Perception of 15 or higher hears
the dwarven elevator activating.
There are multiple levers throughout this area which
can be used to tip a cauldron of molten lava or to cause
jets of fire to blow out from vents.
Cauldron Traps. Choose two spaces on the map.
These spaces are where the cauldrons will dump lava,
doing 28 (8d6) fire damage to anyone in the space.
Fire Vent Traps. Choose two spaces on the map.
These spaces are where vents of fire will erupt, doing
14 (4d6) fire damage to anyone in a 15 ft. line from the
opening of the vent.
Encounter: The Troglodyte Horde
If the heroes have not defeated the troglodyte king, then
awakening the Forge summons a horde of troglodytes to
attack the forge area. One minute after the Forgekeeper

awakens the forge, noises can be heard from the direction of the dwarven elevator. The Forgekeeper will
tell them that the sounds are similar to that made by a
“strange and disgusting beast” that came to visit her a
year ago. She describes the King of the Troglodtyes and
explains that she gave him the password to the elevator.
At this point, the heroes must roll for initiative. On
initiative count 10 of the first round, the elevator door
opens and a dozen troglodytes, four troglodyte brutes,
and the troglodyte king emerge. The king will send
four stealthy troglodytes to scout out ahead of them. He
plans to kill all of the heroes. The Forgekeeper provides
hints as to how the party can use the forge's many traps
against the filthy creatures.

F22. The Secret Dock


This room is a dock that is large enough for most ships.
A beautifully carved bronze lever extends from the wall.
It can be used to activate a stonework dam at the top
of the river that creates a gap in the waterfall. Once the
heroes have the Ultros, they may use this lever to dock
beneath the waterfall and return to the Mithral Forge.

Using the Mithral Forge
Refer to the Treasures appendix for information about
how the heroes can make use of the Mithral Forge.
If the heroes make a deal with the Forgekeeper and
discover the docks, then they can easily return to the
Forge. The Forgekeeper will work with Volkan to make
items from any components that they bring. The dock
is well hidden and has been forgotten by everyone, so it
makes a good hiding place for any ship that the heroes
might have, including the Ultros.



This chamber leads to a secret dock, which is located
behind the Great Falls. The stone dock extends behind
the thundering waterfall. The room is filled with rotting
sacks, barrels, and boxes. There is an ornate bronze
lever on the far side of the room.


Epic Paths: The Mithral Forge
Both the Demi-god and the Dragonslayer use the Mithral
Forge to craft some of their artifacts. Refer to the
Running the Epic Paths section for details.


The Mossy Temple
Deep within the Oldwoods lies a ruined temple complex covered in a thick layer of moss and surrounded by
massive trees. No one knows who built the temple, but the
Druids of Oldwood believe that it is the oldest structure
in the Heartlands. They maintain a circle of standing
stones nearby, hoping to appease the spirits that haunt the
temple. None who enter the temple have ever returned.

The History of the Temple
The temple's true name is lost to history. It was built
thousands of years ago by an ancient race of six-armed
cyclops called the gygans. It honors Sydon, and it
harkens to a time long before the mortal races arrived
in Thylea. During this period, the gygans were devout
servants of the Titans. They propitiated Sydon with
great sacrifices, earned his favor, and their empire
spanned all the islands of Thylea. The gygans were
thought to have been exterminated by Pythor and the
Dragonlords by the end of the First War.

Arkelander chopped down her sister’s oak tree to use
as the mast for his ship, the Ultros. Demetria went mad
with grief for her sister. She swore fealty to Lutheria,
who embraced her and further stoked her rage.
Demetria loathes mortals. She captures young men
and women to serve in Lutheria’s dark rituals, telling
them that they are being initiated into an ancient priesthood. In actuality, the women are transformed into
monstrous maenads, while the men are slaughtered and
devoured in ritual feasts.
In the past year, Demetria has become more brazen.
She has captured dozens of teenagers now. Recently,
she sent her goatlings to steal the Horn of Balmytria, in
order to feed her growing number of servants.

Quest: The Horn of Balmytria


Demetria, the Vengeful Dryad
Recently, teenagers have been disappearing from the
towns and farms around Estoria. They are lured into the
forest by roving bands of goatlings that serve the mistress of the temple, a dryad named Demetria.
Demetria has good cause to hate the people of Mytros
and Estoria. Centuries ago, the Dragonlord Estor



As the Oracle's Chosen, you know that one of your
Great Labors is to drink from the Horn of Balmytria. But
the horn has been stolen from the Dragon Shrine by a
tribe of goatlings. They’ve carried it south from Estoria
into the Oldwoods, and they haven’t been very careful.
The trail is marked by haphazard splashes of red wine
which run all the way through the forest.




Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

63

THE OLDWOODS



The forest grows dark around you, with barely any light
making its way through the canopy. You hear birds and
beasts clamoring beyond every bush, and eventually,
the path you are following seems to disappear into
the underbrush. You emerge into a dimly-lit clearing,
surrounded on all sides by oak trees.
The forest suddenly grows quiet. You can hear
something crashing through the brush ahead of you.
A young girl bursts into the clearing, breathing hard.
Tears streak her dirt-caked face. She looks stunned to
see you. “You... are you really there? Please help!”
You hear more crashing sounds from the forest as
six hideous creatures emerge into the clearing. They
are six goat-headed creatures with cloven hooves.
One of them laughs harshly. “Give us the sweetling.
We’ve had dinner, but she’ll make a fine dessert!”

The Oldwoods is an ancient forest that lies in the center
of the Heartlands, surrounded on all sides by fields and
farms. It is a forest consisting mostly of ancient oak
and walnut trees. For the first century, the new settlers
to Thylea cut down trees to build their farms, towns
and cities. But they stopped when they reached the
Oldwoods because fey creatures are known to haunt
the forest. In the modern daytimes, no one enters the
Oldwoods except for the Druids.
Traveling to the edge of the Oldwoods only takes a
few hours. Traveling within the Oldwoods to the Mossy
Temple takes the better part of a day. Tracking the goatlings requires a successful DC 10 Wisdom check.

Encounter: Tribe of Goatlings
Following the trail of the goatlings, the heroes eventually
come to a shadowy clearing in the woods.
64

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s







The six goatlings attack the heroes before they can
respond. Three of them will use mockery. Roleplay the
taunts that they hurl at the heroes.

Curing Herkus. If Herkus is ever cured of his insanity, he will thank the heroes profusely. With his mind
returned to him, Herkus turns out to be a very talkative
gnome. He is one of the Druids of Oldwood. Demetria
poisoned him with a tea made from a flower that grows
in the ancient glade.

• “Get lost, you pathetic starvelings!”
• “Your face inspires me… to vomit!”
• “You are a plague-sore on the ass of a pig!”
• “Bald legs! Bald legs! Bald legs!”
• “Fish-faced assassins of joy!”

Herkus the Helpful
When Herkus transforms back into a gnome, he stares at
the heroes with a dazed expression. He then starts eating
leaves and nuts, and without a greater restoration spell, he
remains insane. However, if the heroes enter the temple,
he follows and returns to his squirrel form. He sits on the
shoulder of the hero who attacked or captured him. He
shrieks and throws nuts (that he stores in his cheeks) at
enemies during fights.
Herkus has the statistics of a druid with the following additions. His size is small, and he has darkvision,
speed 25 ft. and gnome cunning: He has advantage on
all Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws
against magic. He also has the ability to polymorph into a
beast of CR 1/2 or lower twice per day.

Quest: Corinna’s Friends
Corinna (NG scout) is the daughter of Thericles, who
works the vineyards in Estoria (E13). She and her friends
were lured into the temple by a beautiful woman named
Demetria, who promised wealth, beauty, and fame.
Corinna was warned to leave the temple by a young
satyr named Loreus, who said that she and her friends
would soon be doomed to a fate worse than death. She
fled the temple, but the goatlings pursued her.
If the party asks about the Horn of Balmytria, Corinna
confirms that the horn is in the temple. She warns the
party that Demetria is unspeakably beautiful, and has
a way with words that makes everyone fall in love with
her. Nevertheless, she wants to save her friends, so she is
determined to accompany the heroes into the temple.

THE TEMPLE EXTERIOR

T2. The Temple Entrance


T1. The Standing Stones




This clearing is dominated by seven large standing
stones, each about twice the height of a man. The
canopy is less thick here, allowing dappled light to
pass through its rustling branches. Small creatures
occasionally dart through the carpet of leaves blanketing the ground.
Each of the standing stones is covered in splotches
of fuzzy green moss. They are arranged in a half-circle,
and they are cold to the touch. You sense that they
have been here for a very long time.





These standing stones were erected by the druids of the
Oldwood more than a thousand years ago. If a druid
or ranger takes a short rest while within 10 feet of the
standing stones, it will count as a long rest instead. This
only works once per 24-hour period.
Herkus the gnome (CG druid) hides near the standing stones in the form of a squirrel. Herkus is completely insane. As a squirrel, he chatters at the heroes
madly. He jumps from stone to stone and then throws
nuts at them. He will jump on them and try to bite
them. He will only transform back into a gnome if he is
captured or damaged.



The clearing grows wider as you continue eastward.
Ruined architecture seems to suddenly loom over
you. You realize that what you thought were trees are
actually towering pillars of fluted marble, overgrown
with vines and green moss. The columns stand in
two rows, marching toward a massive stone temple
facade. The ruins are worn with unfathomable age,
and several of the pillars toppled and shattered centuries ago.
Dozens of gargantuan tree roots wind their way
through the clearing, climbing over fallen pillars and
rupturing the walls of the temple.


There are a few ways into the inner chambers of the
temple. No one guards the temple, but the roots of the
ancient oaks can be animated by Demetria. She can
use a bonus action to cause one of the roots to attack
any creature within reach. The roots can discern race,
so Demetria can allow certain races, such as satyrs and
goatlings, to come and go as they please.
Animated Roots. Each root has an AC of 10 and 10
HP. Each root can make one attack per round: +3 to
hit, reach 10 ft., one target. Hit: 2 (1d4) bludgeoning
damage. If the target is Medium or smaller, it is grappled
(escape DC 10) and restrained until the grapple ends.
The roots have a passive Perception of 14.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

65

The lands were once spotted with countless stone cities
and temples, built by the Gygans. Many were destroyed

adamantine with an AC of 23, 30 HP, and a damage
threshold of 5. Attacking either object will make a loud
echoing noise. Attacking twice will alert the entire complex to the heroes’ presence.

or dismantled, their stones re-purposed. Others remain
hidden away in remote places.
—Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

T5. The Ancient Baths


THE INNER CHAMBERS
T3. Ruined Antechamber




The temple antechamber is a wide, rectangular room,
shrouded in darkness but for the faint rays of light
coming through the entrance. The room smells wet and
earthy, and the floor is carpeted with soggy dead leaves.






The upper floor of the temple consists of four rooms: the
antechamber, the main worship chamber, the baths, and a
flight of stairs leading into the underground chambers.
Broken Shield. There is a broken bronze shield on
the floor that appears to be centuries old. It bears the
symbol of the Dragonlords. Inscribed along the edge of
the shield are scenes of a dragon-mounted warrior subjugating a race of six-armed cyclopes. The Dragonlord
can be identified as Estor Arkelander with a successful
DC 15 Intelligence (History) check.

T4. The Chamber of Sydon




This chamber is dominated by a beautiful marble
statue of the Titan, Sydon. The Lord of Storms sits
upon his throne, hunching slightly so that his massive
form seems too large for the room. The ceiling is
domed, with an oculus that allows through a broad
ray of light. Sydon holds a large mirror, which catches
the light and directs it through a small shaft that
opens below his feet.


Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s



This room is part of an ancient bath complex. There
are public baths in the city of Mytros, but this one is
far older. The fountains would normally be running at
all times, refreshing the water in the pool, but these
probably haven’t worked for centuries.
Stagnant Oozes. The pool water is the domain of two
gray oozes. These gray oozes remain motionless and
invisible at the bottom of the pool. They will only attack
someone who enters the water.
Animated Roots. Demetria has ordered the roots
here to attack anyone except goatlings, satyrs, and maenads. Two roots will attempt to grab and restrain the
heroes. The roots will drag and hold anyone they grapple under the water: refer to the rules on holding your
breath and drowning. Because the roots are beneath
murky water, attacks against them have disadvantage.
Any creature dragged underwater will also be attacked
by the gray oozes.

T6. The Descending Stairway




In the room behind the baths, a stairway descends into
the shadows of the lower floor. The stairs are watched
over by four hideous stone statues. Each appears in the
form of a six-armed cyclops. The statues are missing
arms, legs and heads, and two of them hold discolored
bronze bowls in their lower arms.



This central chamber is quiet. There are no animal
sounds and the statue seems to stare at the heroes.
If Herkus is present in squirrel form, he shrieks and
throws a nut at the statue’s head.
Small Shaft. The mirror reflects light into a small
hole in the floor. A Small-sized creature can crawl down
the shaft, which leads to another mirror and then goes
straight down into the Ancient Glade (T8). Someone can
drop down 20 feet into the chamber. They must succeed
on a DC 10 Dexterity saving throw or they take 7 (2d6)
bludgeoning damage.
The Statue and Mirror. The statue is made of marble
around a core of adamantine with an AC of 18, 100 HP,
and a damage threshold of 5. The mirror is polished
66



This expansive, rectangular room is shrouded in darkness. You hear the echoing sounds of droplets falling
into a vast pool of deep, stagnant water. Black vines
and massive tree roots climb down the walls and wind
across the room. As you walk forward, the stone floor
gradually descends into the water.





Two of the statues are merely inanimate and will collapse
into dust when touched. The other two statues retain the
magic that animated them as guardians centuries ago.
The statues have the statistics of gargoyles with no fly
speed. They awaken and attack when an intruder starts to
descend the stairway. However, should someone place an
offering in the bowl held by one of the statues and say a
short prayer to Sydon, the statues will remain inanimate.
Suspicious Footprints. The stairs are marked by
dozens of hoofprints and human footprints, some of
which track through haphazard splashes of red wine.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

67

68

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

THE ANCIENT GLADE

The Ancient Tree Stump

The ancient glade was a natural cavern that the gygans
built over. The gygans’ mirror system lets light into the
cavern and allows the rare plants to grow. The natural cavern has a ceiling that is 20 ft. in height, while
the worked stone tunnels and chambers are 10 ft. in
height.



T7. Tunnel of Roots

This was a sacred tree to the fey of Oldwood, but the
Dragonlord Estor led a band deep into the forest and
chopped it down. He carved the tree up and used it for
the mast, keel, and prow of the Ultros.
Demetria's Sister. This was once the sacred tree of
Demetria's sister, another dryad. Demetria keeps a small
clay pot with her sister's ashes resting on the top of the
stump. If opened, the ashes smells of roses. If Demetria
discovers that anyone has touched the ashes, she will be
determined to kill that individual.



This massive stump must have belonged to a magnificent tree, centuries ago. It was cruelly hewn down to
waist-height. Thousands of green clovers grow over
the ancient injury.




This tunnel leads deeper below the earth. Stone archways support a low ceiling of rocky dirt. Curtains of
heavy roots and vines hang down from the archways,
blocking your view of the way forward.




The roots do nothing when they are first encountered.
However, if Demetria attempts to flee through the
tunnel, she can use these roots to restrain the heroes.

• Ethereum Plant. This can be harvested in order to


This expansive cave is a garden of strange ferns,
fragrant flowers, and luminescent fungi. A massive
tree stump sits in the center, overgrown by a carpet of
green clovers. A stream of clear water winds around
the trunk, babbling noisily. Light streams in from an
opening in the stone ceiling. The air is pleasantly damp,
and the smell of the garden is intoxicating.


This cavern is used as a place to grow rare plants of various kinds. It is moist and is fed by a small underground
stream. The mirror system reflects light down a small
shaft into the underground glade. This is how the rare
plants get sunlight.
Encounter: Sostrate
Two goatlings chase a young man around the glade.
He shrieks when they grab at him, but they always
release him so that they can resume the chase.
Four other goatlings are currently hidden and watching from the shadows. The boy, Sostrate (NG commoner), is one of Corinna's friends. If the heroes do not
intervene, the ‘game’ will eventually end in his death.
If the goatlings see the heroes, they will first try to
finish off Sostrate and then attack the heroes. Roll for
initiative and make the intent of the goatlings clear.
Any goatling who is damaged before his first round
will shift his target to the heroes. If Herkus is on a
hero’s shoulder, he will throw a nut and draw the ire
of one of the goatlings. If Corinna is present, she will
rush forward to save Sostrate. The four goatlings
hidden in shadows will attack anyone who moves in to
save Sostrate.



Garden of Strange Plants
There are also several rare and useful plants here:

T8. The Ancient Glade






create the poison, essence of ether. It takes an hour
to harvest enough of the plant to make a single dose.
There are enough plants in the chamber for 12 doses.
Proficiency with the Poisoner’s Kit is required.
• Aconite. This can be harvested in order to make the
poison, assassin’s blood. It takes two hours to harvest
enough of the plant to make a single dose. There are
enough aconite plants in the chamber for 12 doses.
Proficiency with the Poisoner’s Kit is required.
• Sunril Berry Bush. The berries from this legendary
bush have the same effect as goodberries. Thirty berries
can be harvested from the bush. The berries are easy to
harvest, but they will spoil in 24 hours.

T9. Cavern of Fungus




This cavern is blanketed with luminescent pink and
teal-colored mushrooms. The walls are hewn from
smooth rock, and they slope upward from the ground,
leaving many comfortable spots to recline. A stream of
water from the adjoining glade flows into a stone basin
in the floor.




This cavern is filled with the Madon fungus which
doesn’t require sunlight to grow. The Madon is famed
for its use in the making of the truth serum poison.
It is also used as a recreational drug. When eaten, it
causes a state of euphoria that lasts for hours.
Goatlings. A pair of goatlings hide at the back of the
cave. They attack the heroes as soon as they see them.
Teenage Revelers. There are currently eight teenage
men and women in the cavern chamber. They have all
been eating the Madon fungus and are in a euphoric
Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

69

state: they are considered to be poisoned for the next
two hours. All of them are under the sway of Demetria
and are awaiting their turn to be ‘initiated’.
The teenagers cannot be convinced that Demetria
is anything other than a benevolent goddess who has
promised her devoted followers wealth, beauty, and
fame. If separated from Demetria for 24 hours, they
can be persuaded of the nymph’s true intent with a
successful DC 10 Charisma (Persuasion) check.
The teenagers have the stats of commoners and are
divided into pairs: Lysandra and Bassilus, Kleon and
Heron, Irene and Draco, Callisto and Ariston.
Grasping Roots. There are two roots close to the
entrance to the cave. These roots will attempt to grapple
anyone trying to leave the cave.

Loreus the Satyr

Making Truth Serum
Heroes with proficiency in Nature will recognize the
Madon fungus and realize its usefulness in making the
truth serum poison (see the Game Master's Guide).
Proficiency in Medicine is required to recognize that
the fungus needs to be harvested in a particular way
to avoid spoiling its effectiveness. Every hour spent
harvesting the fungus gives enough material to make
a single dose of truth serum poison. There is enough
harvestable fungus for 12 doses.

Loreus the Lovestruck
Loreus will stealthily follow the heroes while they remain
in the Mossy Temple. If they are in danger he will use his
pan pipes to put one enemy to sleep. If the heroes try to
leave him behind, he will be heartbroken. In this case,
Loreus will show up again in Mytros, with a random trinket as a gift for each of the heroes.

T10. Den of Lush Flowers




This small cavern is overgrown with living roots and
vines. Flowers of every shape, scent and color carpet
the floor, overwhelming your senses. Several oak trees
also grow, breaking upward through the partially-collapsed ceiling. A stream of water from the adjoining
glade trickles through here.




This cavern is the resting place for some of the fey who
have come to visit Demetria. There are two satyrs and
one dryad, who have come to plead with her to stop
antagonizing the mortals. Harmless pranks are one
thing, but kidnapping young mortals is dangerous. They
worry about a reprisal from Estoria.
Fey Diplomacy. The satyrs and dryad won’t harm the
heroes, but they won’t help them either. They will simply
inform the heroes that Demetria rules the temple, that
her actions are her own, and that she doesn’t represent
the other fey of the forest. They would be pleased if
Demetria were no longer a problem in Oldwood.
Encounter: Loreus the Satyr
Loreus (CG satyr) is also here, and he is very interested
in the heroes. He is quite talkative, and he asks many
questions about their purpose in the temple. Loreus is
different from most of his kind and has an intense curiosity about the settler races.
70

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

Demetria's History. Loreus explains that Demetria
was consumed with a desire for revenge after her sister
was killed by Estor Arkelander, five hundred years ago.
She sought out Lutheria and formed a dark pact with the
Titan, vowing to cast a shadow over the Oldwoods, to
make the mortal races remember their fear of the dark.
Lovestruck Satyr. Loreas is driven by his emotions,
both good and bad. If one of the heroes shows him even
an ounce of kindness, he will fall in love with them.
Loreus will stealthily follow his new love when they
leave the cave. While Loreus doesn’t know details of the
maenad initiation feast, he suspects foul play and urges
the heroes to investigate the kitchens.

T11. Stone Corridor




This torch-lit corridor descends for about one hundred
paces. The walls are decorated with ancient, colorful
mosaics, which depict vignettes of six-armed warriors,
farmers and priests.


This corridor is usually empty.



THE FEASTING HALLS

T12. Nursing Chamber




This small stone chamber has been made warm and
comfortable with feathered pillows and animal skins.
A bronze lantern hangs from the ceiling, bathing the
room with flickering golden light. Aromatic incense
smoke rises from a brass censer, although this doesn’t
quite disguise the smell of goats.


The feasting halls are chambers of worked stone built by
the gygans more than a millennium ago. The ceilings are
15 ft. in height, and the walls are cyclopean stonework.

T14. Kitchens




There are two maenads present in this chamber with
their goatling children. The maenads are drinking wine,
eating mushrooms, and feeding their children the same.
When the maenads spot the heroes, they demand to
know who they are, while the goatlings will growl and
hiss. If the heroes can come up with a convincing lie, a
successful DC 15 Charisma (Deception) check will put
the maenads back at ease. In this case, they invite the
party to enjoy their wine and mushrooms.
Frenzied Maenads. If the heroes don’t immediately
provide a satisfactory lie, then the maenads will enter a
frenzy of drunken bloodlust and attack.
Baby Goatlings. The four young goatlings carry small
knives for cutting mushrooms. The goatlings have AC
10 and 1 HP each. They threaten the heroes with their
knives, but they are too timid to attack.



T15. Feast Hall




This round chamber looks to be a warm and comfortable sleeping chamber with feather pillows and animal
skins. Four young men and women sleep upon the skins.


There are four teenagers sleeping in this chamber. Their
names are Nikon, Markos, Theophania, and Phokas.
They have the stats of commoners and behave in the
same way as the teenagers from the Cavern of Fungus
(T9), although they are not poisoned.
Grasping Roots. There are two roots close to the
entrance to the cave. These roots will attempt to grapple
anyone who tries to leave the room without Demetria's
permission. As with other roots, they do nothing to
those who are entering the chamber.

Demetria saw the truth of things: the Dragonlords
may have been saviors to their people, but they
despoiled the lands of Thylea with their lust for
battle and conquest. It was wise of the dryad
to seek justice from the Lady of Dreams, who is
gracious and good to her servants.
— Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria



This feasting hall is dominated by a huge table shaped
from living oak. The table has enough chairs to seat a
dozen guests. Food and wine are artfully arranged on
the tabletop. A beautiful silver dragon horn with gold
fittings sits at the center of the table.







This is where the food is prepared. Currently the
slaughtered carcasses of four teenage boys are being
prepared for the feast in the feast hall. The cooks are
two goatlings. They will continue with their task
unless attacked by the heroes. The horrific nature
of the feast is revealed with a successful DC 15
Intelligence (Investigation) check.

T13. The Sleeping Chamber




This chamber is filled with the smell of roasting meat.
It is a kitchen of sorts, with stone and wooden tables
for preparing food. A large bronze oven dominates the
north wall, blasting the room with heat.



This is a feasting chamber with a giant table, beautifully laid out with wine and food. Reflected light pours
in from the mirrors.
Demetria (CE dryad) is here with four adoring teenage girls. They are preparing for the initiation feast.
Loyal Gygan. Demetria's gygan servant is nine feet
tall, and he looms in the background. He has a single
eye (like a cyclops), six powerful arms, and a number of
weapons and shields. He’s also very clever, although he
doesn’t speak much. Sydon has charged him with both
protecting and watching over Demetria.
Epic Paths: Meeting Demetria
Demetria has information pertinent to both the Doomed
One and the Haunted One. Refer to the Running the Epic
Paths section for details.

The dryad invites the heroes to sit down and join the
feast. She is granting her best student a special prize—a
shortbow of cupidity. She will playfully accuse the heroes
of spoiling a special moment for her acolytes.
The Dryad's Appeal. As long as the heroes don’t
initiate combat, Demetria is happy to talk. She knows
Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

71

that the heroes have been chosen by the Oracle, but she
dismisses their quest as an impossible one. She extolls
Sydon’s strength and Lutheria’s beauty. She speaks of the
cruelty of the Dragonlords, explaining that her sister lost
her life to the wickedness of Estor Arkelander. She asks
the heroes whether they are truly fighting for the right
side in the looming conflict. She then invites them to
share the meal with her and the girls.
A Grisly Feast. The feast consists of the cooked
bodies of the young men who were paired with the girls
at the table. If the heroes are aware of this, then they can
convince the girls with a successful DC 15 Persuasion
check (an automatic success if Corinna is with them).
If Herkus is with the heroes, he will transform into
his gnome form, sniff the air, and declare that the meat
smells like cooked human flesh.
The Ritual is Completed
Eating the human flesh has no ill effects on any of the
heroes, but if they cannot dissuade the girls from partaking in the feast, then Demetria’s ritual is completed,
and the girls are transformed into four maenads:




Demetria smiles at the girls as they hungrily devour
the feast. “I’m glad to see that you have such appetites! There’s nothing more delicious than a lover’s
flesh, is there?”
Suddenly, the girls begin to shriek in pain. Their
teeth sharpen, the bones in their legs snap backwards,
and horns grow from their heads. In a matter of seconds, they have all been transformed into monstrous
maenads.
Demetria gently pets one of her new servants.
“Shush now, my sweetlings. This is a great blessing.
Now, you shall have the pleasure to serve Lutheria for
the rest of your lives. And you can start by slaughtering
these uninvited guests!”


T16. Demetria’s Chambers




Treasure
Demetria keeps her valuables locked in a trunk. The
lock can be opened with a successful DC 15 Dexterity
check with thieves' tools. Inside are trinkets and other
items stolen from the teenagers she has kidnapped. This
haul includes two necklaces worth 100 gp each. There
are also four rings worth 50 gp each and a half dozen
gems of different sorts each worth 50 gp.
Ritual Tome. The most important item is a tome
bound in human skin. Inside is a description written
by Lutheria herself on the ritual of transformation that
turns a human woman into a maenad.

The Horn of Balmytria
Once the heroes have secured the Horn of Balmytria,
they are expected to drink from it. They may choose to
do this as soon as they recover it, or they may wait.
Drinking even a small amount of wine from the horn
for the first time sends the heroes into a deep sleep for
8 hours. The heroes experience vivid dreams during
this sleep:


Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s



You are standing on the deck of a beautiful galley.
A bright cerulean sea stretches out before you. You
look down at a strange bronze device in your hands.
It seems to reflect the constellations of the night sky,
even though the sun shines brightly overhead.
The oarsmen pull the ship through the water faster
than you thought possible. You look down at the men
on the benches. They meet your gaze with dead eyes
and skeletal faces—dozens of leering corpses.
You are startled awake.



The Ritual is Disrupted
Revealing the true nature of the meal to the girls will
infuriate them so that they attack Demetria, restraining
her for three rounds. The gygan will easily kill the girls
unless the heroes intervene.
If the heroes attack Demetria before the ritual is
completed, then the girls will scream and hide, while the
gygan will defend Demetria. They fight to the death.

72



Demetria spends most of her time in these chambers,
enjoying the company of love-besotted teenagers. She
lures them here before using them in her evil rituals.

At this point, Demetria will order everyone to attack the
heroes and feast on their flesh.

Treasure
Demetria carries a shortbow of cupidity. The Horn of
Balmytria occupies the center of the table.



This lushly appointed bedroom is covered in rugs
along the floor and silks along the wall. A beautiful
bed carved from living oak dominates the center of
the room.





Kyrah can interpret this dream, as can Aesop at the
Dragon Shrine in Estoria, or Proteus at the Temple of the
Oracle. They know that you have seen the Ultros.
The Ghost Ship
There is only one ghost ship known to the people of
Thylea, the Ultros. This is the famous trireme constructed by the Dragonlords, five centuries ago. It was
commanded by a bloodthirsty man, Estor Arkelander

Dreams tell us more about ourselves than we might like
to imagine. How many of our waking hours are spent

Horn of Balmytria

retreading the paths we've walked in dreams?
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music

who was responsible for starting the First War. He was
later cursed to sail the seas forever as a ghost.
The only person who is likely to know the location
of the Ultros is King Acastus of Mytros, for he is a
descendant of Estor Arkelander.
The Strange Device
The bronze construct from the dream may be the
legendary magical compass known as the Antikythera.
Supposedly, it has the power to navigate to all of the
islands in the Cerulean Sea, the Forgotten Sea, and even
the legendary Nether Sea. It's uncertain where this item
might be found, but it's useless without the ship.

The Necropolis at Telamok
Telamok is a sacred site built alongside a canyon in the
Mithral Mountains. The mountain and its ruins are
named after the ancient Dragonlord, Telamok.
Ancient, time-worn bridges cross a vast mistshrouded chasm to cliffs where the entrances to tombs
and crypts are located. This is a place of death where no
living being stirs. The ruins are covered by a thin layer of
snow and ice, which absorbs sound and enshrouds the
area in an eerie silence.
Deathly Silence
When describing the journey to the Necropolis, you should
emphasize the silence. The snow absorbs much of the
sound. The skeletons and specters make no sound when
attacking. Damon does not speak. The only creature in the
entire necropolis that speaks is the minotaur Graxis.

Armaments of the Dragonlords
One of the party's Great Labors requires them to
recover the armaments of the Dragonlords. Xander's
armaments are still located in his crypt. The Axe of
Xander and the Shield of Volkan have been looted by the
minotaur Graxis, while the Breastplate of Mytros is still
on the corpse of Xander in his sarcophagus.

TRAVELING TO THE
NECROPOLIS
Encounter: Arms of Kentimane


The History of the Necropolis
The Necropolis was built to house the remains of
the Dragonlords who came to Thylea five centuries
ago. Xander Huorath, the first and greatest of the
Dragonlords, is buried at the center of the Necropolis.
In addition to the Dragonlords, the skeletal remains of
Balmytria, the silver dragon, are entombed here.
This 'city of the dead' is regarded as a sacred place, forbidden to anyone except other Dragonlords. It is guarded
by Damon, a lich. He was Xander’s friend and the most
powerful wizard of his day. Since he achieved undeath, he
has seen all of his friends pass into the afterlife and now
makes sure no one loots the city's treasures.



At first, your journey across the great plains of Thylea
is an uneventful one. The road to the Necropolis at
Telamok is well maintained but little traveled. As the
Mithral Mountains drift into sight, you encounter a
scene that is almost beyond comprehension. Dozens of
massive stone arms reach out of the ground, dwarfing
everything around you for a mile.
The arms are motionless and seemingly have no purpose. This alien sight invites unnerving questions: what
are the arms for? Who created them? Are they alive?




These statues are the arms of Kentimane, the HundredHanded Titan. They cannot be damaged and they will
not move against the heroes.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

73

The Path of the Dead




This path leads upwards into the Mithral Mountains. It
is commonly known as the Path of the Dead, because it
is the only way to reach the Necropolis at Telamok.
It is utterly quiet. There are no bird calls, no insects,
no animal life at all. Even the sound of the wind is
missing in the dead air. It grows colder as the path
gains height, and a light covering of snow begins to
coat the path. The path is narrow and treacherous.
Just past the edge, the ground falls away for hundreds
of feet.
The silence is suddenly ended by a song… A song so
beautiful that it makes your heart ache with desire.


who climbs down to the valley floor is immediately
swarmed by skeletons, minotaur skeletons, and
specters.
The initial fight is against 1d4 skeletons, but after two
rounds, another 1d4 skeletons and one minotaur skeleton will join the fight. Then, after another two rounds,
1d4 skeletons and one specter. After that, 1d4 specters
will join every round. Trying to climb up from the valley
to the Necropolis is difficult—the sheer cliffs are 500
feet high. For the first 100 feet, anyone trying to climb
will be harassed by specters.

KEY LOCATIONS
X1. The Approach




The ancient Necropolis stands before you, awe-inspiring in both size and splendor. Although ice and snow
obscure the details, its magnificent pillars and statues
surround a massive stone structure.
Between you and the Necropolis is a vast canyon
spanned by three stone bridges. Two of the bridges are
apparently broken and unusable. Although the bottom
of the canyon is cloaked in mist, you can see a number
of bones scattered among the rocks below.
The canyon is shrouded in an eerie silence. The only
sound that can be heard is your feet crunching through
a light layer of frost and snow on the paved path.

Partway up the mountain, three harpies begin to
harass the heroes. They have nested on the cliff opposite the mountain path, and they use their luring song
to ensnare hapless travelers.
Dangerous Ledge. Those affected by the song will
try to leap the chasm to reach the harpies’ nest. Before
making the leap, an affected character can make another
Wisdom saving throw to shake off the charm. Failing
that, they must make a DC 15 Strength check to successfully leap from the path to the nest. Any character
who fails the leap falls 50 feet to a ledge below and
suffers 5d6 bludgeoning damage.

Valleys Shrouded in Mist



The mountain is surrounded by deep valleys that are
forever shrouded in mist. The valleys are empty of
living creatures, but they are patrolled by those who
died in the construction of the Necropolis. Anyone
I will tell you what I know of Damon.

He drank

knowledge like others drank wine, and his
eyes

portals into the depths of time. He knew

seemed to thrill at the acquisition of lore.

were like

things that no

mortal should have the means to learn, and

—Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (47 CE)

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s



The approach to the ruins is a paved path, covered
lightly by snow. A successful DC 15 Wisdom (Survival)
check reveals tracks beneath the snow. The tracks look
like they were made by a two-legged bull, and they run
to and from the Necropolis. If the check is made at DC
20 or higher, then the tracker will realize that a powerful
minotaur made the tracks.

X2. Damon The Lich




A lone skeletal figure stands at the center of this
bridge. A tattered cloak covers the figure's thin frame
and obscures its face. Golden runes are traced along
the hems of the cloak. As you draw closer, the figure
holds out a skeletal hand expectantly, as if awaiting
some sort of payment.

yet he never

In the end,
when Estor took the Ultros to wage his final
war upon
the Titans, I think Damon knew that it
would spell the
Doom of our sacred order. But with Xan
der gone, who
could stop him?

74







Damon (TN lich) was a companion of the original
Dragonlords who sailed across the ocean to Thylea. He
lost everything in the First War, including his wife and
children. He dedicated his life to the defense of the settlers, and now he defends the Necropolis to honor those
who sacrificed their lives to do the same.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

75

He is now a lich. The Necropolis is considered to be
his lair, and he would be an incredibly difficult opponent
for the heroes. He may use spells such as hold person
and wall of force to prevent a battle, if the heroes are
stupid enough to attack him.
Damon will only allow the party to pass the bridge if
he is given a single burnished dragonlord coin.

THE NECROPOLIS RUINS


Across the bridge, you can see 12 tomb entrances
carved into the cliffs, each marked by four stone
columns. To the north is a great white marble mausoleum, the size of a small palace.
Close to the mausoleum’s entrance is a 13th tomb,
much grander than the others, standing alone in a
rocky outcropping away from the cliffs.
You see many bodies lying upon the icy paths that
wind around the ruins. Some are the desiccated,
half-frozen corpses of would-be grave robbers, while
others are statues of various sizes and styles. Their
frozen eyes seem to be watching you.

Paying the Lich
If someone tries to pass without payment, Damon will
use his magic to prevent them crossing. Initially he will
only use wall of force, but he will also use non-lethal spells
and powers such as hold person and paralyzing touch if
necessary. He will fight to the death if threatened.

Anyone who tries to fly to the Necropolis without
payment will be targeted by Damon. The one creature
that Damon allows to pass at will is Graxis the minotaur.
Epic Paths: The Cursed One
If the Cursed One is present, then Damon recognizes them
and gives them a lost family heirloom—a gem of brightness.
He also tells them that they must seek the Lotus Witch.
Refer to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.







The Necropolis is a dangerous place and many of the
threats are too great for low level characters to handle.
However, curious parties may attempt to loot the tombs
anyway. There are various ways to dissuade this: desiccated bodies lay outside many of the tombs, looking as if
they were ripped apart by some beast.
Tomb Exteriors
The tombs are built into cliffs that are about 15 feet
high. Most of the tombs have four marble pillars set into
the cliff face. These pillars are entwined with dragons.
Each tomb entrance is sealed with a chiseled marble
slab measuring 5 feet wide, 5 feet tall, and 5 feet thick.
Removing or resetting this stone slab requires an action
and a successful DC 25 Strength check.

X4. The Tomb of Adonis

Warning Inscriptions. Each tomb inscription names
the Dragonlord interred inside, along with a warning:

The inscription on the tomb reads:

“DEATH AWAITS ANY WHO WOULD
desecrate the great warrior within.”

ADONIS NEURDAGON
Oathsworn of Pythor
Most beautiful of Dragonlords
If but his sword work had been as beautiful.

Kyrah warns the heroes of the dire consequences of
robbing consecrated tombs. Plundering certain tombs
will subject the heroes to the curse of the graverobber.



Tomb Interiors
Each tomb is the resting place of one Dragonlord. Their
name, epitaph, and the warning are inscribed on the
marble slab that blocks each entrance. Each tomb is a
15 x 15-foot chamber, and each contains a 5 x 8-foot
rectangular marble sarcophagus.
Inside each sarcophagus is a Dragonlord and the
treasure that was buried with them. Early Dragonlords
were buried with mithral and adamantine items but,
after the Mithral Mine was closed, those ores became
rare. Later Dragonlords are buried with bronze items.



The inscription on the tomb reads:
TELAMOK ARKELANDER
Oathsworn of Vallus







Telamok was a particularly vicious Dragonlord, known
for never giving quarter in battle. He was responsible for
some of the worst massacres during the First War, and
was cursed to undeath as a result.
Telamok's Sarcophagus. If his sarcophagus is opened,
Telamok will rise as a wight. He has maximum hit
points (66) and is dressed in a breastplate with a shield
(AC 18). He has a Strength of 20. He will pursue anyone
who breaks into his tomb for one minute. Afterwards,
he will return to his tomb and reseal it.
Treasure
Telamok’s mithral breastplate and shield are worth
500 gp each. They are engraved with elaborate dragon
motifs. This tomb is not consecrated.



You hear a snap, followed by a grinding noise
from above you. A stone block falls and seals the
entrance. Silver liquid gushes from the hole in the
roof that held the blocking stone. The quicksilver
reaches your feet and begins to fill the chamber at
an alarming pace.



The inside of the crypt contains a large sarcophagus with a proud warrior engraved on its lid. Fading
murals cover the walls and ceiling of the crypt. They
depict the same warrior, slaughtering enemies of
every kind: men, women, centaurs, satyrs, cyclopes,
and more.




Adonis was a Dragonlord who followed Xander across
the oceans to Thylea. He was not particularly wellliked by his peers, but he was known for his beauty and
extreme wealth. His tomb is a trap. If the sarcophagus is
touched, a block of marble will seal the tomb.

X3. The Tomb of Telamok





A beautiful sarcophagus hewn from bright white
marble stands in the center of the tomb. The lid is
carved with the likeness of a handsome warrior wearing a suit of armor that is more ornamental than practical. Although the carvings that line the walls ostensibly
depict the great battles of the First War, there is a clear
emphasis on the beauty of the dragonrider rather than
his prowess in combat.



Mercury Trap. From the space where the block
dropped, mercury will pour into the chamber—enough
to fill it entirely. It takes three rounds for the tomb to fill
up, and each round, everyone inside must make a DC 15
Constitution saving throw or become poisoned. At the
start of the fourth round, there is no more air. Use the
drowning rules at this point. Heroes with the ability to
breathe water will still drown in mercury.
Escaping the Trap. The only way to escape is with
brute force. The marble block sealing the tomb must
be moved with a successful DC 30 Strength check, or it
must be destroyed in some way. The marble block has
100 HP, AC 17, and a damage threshold of 5.
Treasure
Adonis is wearing a breastplate +1 and a short sword
of quickness. This tomb is consecrated, so taking either
of these items will afflict the thief with the curse of the
grave robber.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

77

X5. The Tomb of Estor

Treasure
Rizon’s mithral breastplate and shield are worth 500 gp
each. She also holds a mithral kopis +1. This tomb is
consecrated, so taking any of these items will afflict the
thief with the curse of the grave robber.

The inscription on the tomb reads:
ESTOR ARKELANDER
Oathsworn of Kyrah




Disturbing images adorn the walls of this tomb. Rather
than heroic battles, the carvings largely depict a man
slaughtering unarmed dryads and satyrs in gory detail.
Clear pain and fear mark his victims’ faces. In one
panel, his dragon companion appears to beg for mercy
on behalf of a group of nearby creatures. A blood-red
marble sarcophagus bearing the same man’s image sits
in the center of the room.


X7. The Tomb of Cosmo
The inscription on the tomb reads:
COSMO PHOBAS
Son of Rizon Phobas




Estor Arkelander was the brother of Telamok, and one
of the original Dragonlords who came to Thylea five
centuries ago. His body was never interred here. He
still captains the doomed ghost ship, the Ultros, as the
heroes will discover later in the story.
Kyrah's Reaction. Kyrah reacts coldly to the tomb.
She still carries centuries of guilt about the atrocities
committed by Estor during the First War. She has
nothing to say about the tomb, and she has no desire to
linger here any longer than she has to.



Your torchlight seems unable to properly illuminate
the floor, ceiling, and walls, which are covered in a slick
black substance that appears to shift and quiver. The
only object you can clearly make out is a gray marble
sarcophagus with the features of a man.




Cosmo was the first-born son of Rizon. He succeeded
Xander as the leader of the Dragonlords.
The interior walls, floor, and ceiling of the tomb are
black in color and appear to be alive. This is because
they are coated with five black puddings, one on each
wall (but not the entrance wall) and one on the ceiling
and floor. They will attack anyone who enters.
Treasure
Cosmo’s adamantine breastplate and shield are worth
500 gp each. This tomb is not consecrated.

Treasure
Estor's sarcophagus is empty.

X6. The Tomb of Rizon

X8. The Tomb of Myrto

The inscription on the tomb reads:

The inscription on the tomb reads:

RIZON PHOBAS
Oathsworn of Volkan

MYRTO THE MAGNIFICENT




This tomb is lined with murals of grand battles. The
murals feature an imposing woman riding a bronze
dragon. The main panel depicts the heroic warrior triumphing over a group of formidable-looking minotaurs.
Six minotaur skeletons are arranged like guardians
around the sarcophagus, which has been painted with
the likeness of the woman from the murals.


Rizon, a rival of Xander, was one of the riders who came
to Thylea five centuries ago. She was largely responsible
for the defeat of the minotaur armies in the First War.
Her tomb is guarded by 6 minotaur skeletons. They
stand guard beside her sarcophagus and will attack
anyone who enters the chamber.

78

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s



Two identical clay statues of a handsome man stand
on either side of a gray marble sarcophagus, which is
carved with the same likeness. He can also be seen
throughout the tomb’s murals, which depict him as
a man of immense wealth. Inlays of gold, silver, and
precious stones glitter from the murals, all in sharp
contrast to the fading colors that surround them.









Myrto was the grandson of Adonis. He used his family
wealth to bribe the other Dragonlords, so that he would
be elected leader after the death of Cosmo. The two statues of Myrto that flank his sarcophagus are clay golems
that will attack anyone who enters the tomb.
Treasure
Myrto’s decorative breastplate and shield are useless
in battle. They are forged from silver, gold, and platinum. They are worth 2,500 gp each. This tomb is not
consecrated.

Over the centuries, I have watched the houses of the Dragonlords
slowly fall to ruin. Taran sits behind his walls and counts his

X9. The Tomb of Isadore

money. Thericles and Acastus are the last true heirs of Rizon and

The inscription reads:

Estor, but what have they accomplished?

ISADORE HUORATH


— Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine


The sarcophagus of this crypt depicts an athletic
woman of regal bearing. Murals in the tomb show her
competing in foot races, javelin throwing, and other
competitive games. Always at her side is a man in a
cloak that resembles the one worn by the lich that
guards the Necropolis.


Treasure
Lysis’s bronze breastplate and shield are inscribed with
platinum and are worth 500 gp each. This tomb is not
consecrated.

X11. The Tomb of Ochos


Isadore was the granddaughter of Xander. Damon
served as her chief advisor when she ruled the
Dragonlords. After she died, Damon retreated from life
in the city of Mytros and came to the Necropolis to be
its guardian, and to watch over Isadore in particular.
Damon's Alarm. Damon has the alarm spell cast
on the tomb. If anyone opens the tomb, the alarm
goes off and the sound of a bell ringing will be heard.
Spellcasters will recognize the sound as the alarm spell
with a successful DC 10 Intelligence (Arcana) check. A
DC 15 check or higher will reveal that Damon was the
likely caster.
Three rounds after the alarm spell goes off, Damon
will teleport in and use his full range of powers to
destroy anyone still trespassing inside the tomb.
Treasure
Isadore wears a necklace worth 1000 gp and five rings
worth 200 gp each. Beside her body lies a staff of charming. This tomb is consecrated, so taking the staff will
afflict the thief with the curse of the grave robber.

The inscription on the tomb reads:
OCHOS ARKELANDER




A bronze statue of a man stands watch over this tomb.
The murals on the walls of this tomb depict the man
leading an army of hoplites in several clashes against
the centaurs in the grasslands north of the Arkelon
River. The man is shown wearing a simple bronze
breastplate, and his sarcophagus is entirely unadorned.




Ochos is another in the Arkelander family, but he was
a soldier rather than a king. A bronze statue of Ochos
stands behind the sarcophagus. This bronze statue is
actually a golem. Although the golem is made of bronze,
it has all the statistics of an iron golem except that its
AC is 18 rather than 20. The golem attacks anyone who
removes an item from this tomb.

X10. The Tomb of Lysis

Treasure
Ochos wears a breastplate +2. He has also has a bronze
short sword and a shield worth 250 gp each. This tomb
is not consecrated.

The inscription on the tomb reads:

X12. The Tomb of Dorion
The inscription on the tomb reads:

LYSIS ARKELANDER




DORION NEURDAGON



The walls of the tomb display the brutal behavior of a
king with a glint of madness in his eye. The main panel
shows his downfall at the hands of the god, Pythor. At
the center of the tomb is a black marble sarcophagus
carved in the image of the mad king.



Soot darkens the floor and walls of this tomb. An
ornate sarcophagus in the center of the room is carved
with the likeness of a young man, and its lid has been
left slightly ajar. Footprints in the soot suggest that this
crypt has been visited in the recent past.



Lysis was the great grandson of Estor, and he was the
last of his family to rule Estoria. The Arkelanders had
ruled Estoria as kings for over a century, but Lysis
proved to be a mad tyrant who stained the throne with
wanton murder and torture. The god Pythor, unable to
stand by and watch, overthrew him and took the throne.







Dorion Neurdagon was the last of his family to take up
the mantle of Dragonlord. His tomb has been looted.
The soot on the walls is from a fire-based trap that no
longer works. Damon resealed the tomb long ago, but
he could do nothing more. Dorion’s body is missing its
head, and there is no treasure in the sarcophagus.
Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

79

X13. The Tomb of Gregor

X15. The Tomb of Balmytria

The inscription reads:



GREGOR HUORATH




This crypt is empty and has no sarcophagus. The
murals and painted ceiling tell the story of a young man
traversing the islands and waters of Thylea. The man,
however, is absent from the final panel. This simply
shows a grieving woman looking across a stormy sea
from a palace balcony.




Unlike the other tombs, this tomb does not have marble
pillars. The body of Gregor of the Huorath family was
never found. Although his tomb was prepared, it has
always been empty.

Investigation: Tomb Interior


The inscription on the tomb reads:
NICHOLAS PHOBAS
Blessed of Sydon


This tomb is in good condition compared to most of
the others. The murals are bright and the paint has not
completely faded. The images adorning the walls and
sarcophagus depict a man who is equal parts sailor and
king. He wears a breastplate adorned with a maelstrom
swirl, the symbol of Sydon.

Nicholas was the very last of the Dragonlords. He ruled
and died one century ago, though the order had long
been corrupted at that point. In his lifetime, Nicholas
swore fealty to Sydon as a symbolic gesture of peace,
earning the blessing of the Titan. The Order of Sydon
modeled themselves after his example.
Teleportation Trap. This sarcophagus is protected
by magic, and anyone touching it must make a DC
15 Charisma saving throw or be teleported to Sydon’s
Throne Room in Praxys (S28) for 1 minute.
Sydon knows that whoever appears before him was
desecrating the tomb of Nicholas Phobas, and he will
use his full power to destroy the impudent tomb raider.
If anyone survives this encounter, they are immediately
teleported back to the tomb. Once activated, this trap
cannot be activated again for a full year.
Treasure
Nicholas has a bronze breastplate and a platinum shield
inscribed with the symbol of Sydon. Each is worth 1,500
gp. There is also a single mithral ingot worth 500 gp.

80

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s



Unlike most of the art in the Necropolis, the mosaics
that line the walls and ceilings here are pristine, almost
new in appearance. The panel closest to the entrance
depicts five majestic dragons, one silver and four bronze,
soaring through the heavens. A formidable human warrior is mounted on each dragon.
The next mosaic is dominated by the verdant coast
of Thylea. While the bronze dragons remain aloft, the
silver dragon is shown making landfall on this new
continent. Her rider greets a haggard-looking group
of humans on the shore. Subsequent mosaics show
human civilization on the continent blossoming from
tiny towns to great walled cities under the leadership
of the Dragonlords.

X14. The Tomb of Nicholas





This is the largest tomb in the Necropolis, as befits the
burial place of a dragon. Some believe that it houses a
passageway to the Underworld.






This massive tomb dwarfs all of the others in the
Necropolis. The pristine white marble mausoleum is
supported by immense, serpentine pillars. As you draw
closer, you realize that these pillars are actually statues
that have been carved in the shapes of dragons.





A huge marble block rests at the center of the mausoleum. This is where the body of Balmytria is interred.
The block is 15 feet long, 10 feet wide, and 5 feet high.
The block cannot be moved except by one of the Titans
or by the Five Gods, but none are willing to disturb the
resting place of Balmytria.

THE TOMB OF XANDER

This is the burial tomb of Xander Hourath, the first
Dragonlord. The heroes must enter this tomb to claim
the armaments of the Dragonlords in order to complete
one of their Great Labors.
The tomb is guarded by Graxis, a powerful minotaur.
He is the last of a bloodthirsty tribe that Lutheria created during the First War. After Rizon Phobas defeated
them, Damon cursed the survivors to live forever as
guardians of the Necropolis. Consequently, when these
minotaurs die, they return as undead skeletons.
Graxis refused to share the fate of his kindred. He
murdered them all, just to be safe, and he continues to
stalk the region, searching for fresh meat. He despises
Damon, Xander, and all the Dragonlords.



Graxis the Minotaur

Graxis the Butcher
Graxis is a minotaur hero who uses a shield (AC 19). He
has desecrated the tomb of Xander by plundering the Axe
of Xander and the Golden Shield of Volkan. The axe is dull,
while the shield is dented and pieces are missing. These
don’t currently have magical properties, but they can still
be used as normal, non-magical items.
Graxis tries to make hit and run attacks against trespassers in the tomb. He makes a charge attack and then
disengages on the following round. Then he returns to his
lair and eats hungrily to recover lost hit points. He needs
to spend five rounds eating to recover all of his hit points.
Once Xander's sarcophagus has been opened, Graxis will
stop retreating and fight to the death.

X16. The Tomb Entrance




This white marble tomb is carved into the side of the
mountain and sheltered by an imposing portico of
weathered columns. The entrance to the sepulcher is
blocked by a heavy, chiseled slab, flanked by two statues of sitting lions. The center of the slab is fitted with
an inset bronze handle. The pediment above the tomb
is engraved with the name “XANDER” amidst intricate
vines and laurel leaves.


I have no sympathy for the minotaurs. True, they are
not the brutish beasts that the people of Mytros
would have you believe, but all it takes is one
monster wearing skulls for ornaments to show the
world that your kind is not to be trusted.



Xander’s tomb is sealed with a marble door that has an
inset bronze handle. It can be pulled open with a successful DC 15 Strength check.
Lesser Tombs. Four lesser tombs are adjacent to
Xander's, for his closest companions and friends. Each
one is sealed by a block of marble measuring 5 feet wide,
5 feet tall, and 5 feet thick. Removing or resetting one of
these blocks requires an action and a successful DC 25
Strength check. There are three names inscribed on the
tombs—Aetius, Pericles, and Eustace.
The last tomb is unlabeled and empty, because it was
built for Damon but never used. Inside the three tombs,
the bodies of Aetius, Pericles, and Eustace are all equipped
with steel breastplates, shields, and short swords. All of the
items are in perfect condition, but none are magical.

— Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria

Once lit by torchlight:


X17. The Hall of Xander




This expansive hall is dark and wet. Stone archways
hold up the ceiling, and empty torch brackets line the
walls at regular intervals. The floor descends in wide
steps of interlocking stone. At the rear of the hall, a
stairwell leads down into the lower reaches of the
tomb. Guarding the stairwell is a bronze statue of a
kneeling, bull-headed minotaur.






The walls are covered by colorful mosaics depicting ancient battles against centaurs, cyclopes, and
six-armed gygans. The Dragonlord Xander is shown
hewing the head from a basilisk with a mighty swing of
his axe. He is shown with three warrior companions.




This hall has mosaics that illustrate the history of
Xander and the Dragonlords who came to Thylea five
centuries ago. The initial mosaics show great kings
and queens granting Xander and his companions the
ships and money needed to embark on a great voyage
of discovery. Next, they show the five dragons making
an alliance with Xander. The central mosaics show the
discovery of Thylea, while the final ones detail the war
Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

81

82

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

X19. The Skeletal Minotaurs

of conquest against the inhabitants of Thylea, including
the centaurs, minotaurs, and gygans.
An inscription above the stairs reads: “Those who
trespass in order to seek an audience with Xander
Hourath must deal with the horned ones.”



This room has a single marble alcove with a burning torch. Stone shelves line the walls, littered with
cobwebs and human skulls. The floor is covered by
a thick blanket of dust. Large, yellowed bones are
scattered around three heavy bronze axes in the
center of the room.

X18. The Catacomb Maze




As you descend into the yawning tunnel below the
stairway, you feel a penetrating cold seep through
your armor and into your bones. The air is choked
with dust, and your footfalls echo through the silence.
After a short distance, you come to a fork in the
tunnel and you must choose which path you will take
to continue onward.






The maze is patrolled by two kinds of enemies.
Skeletons. These skeletons wear breastplates and use
shields, giving them AC 18. They patrol in groups of
three, and they are trained in hoplite soldier tactics.
Minotaur Skeletons. The minotaur skeletons patrol
in pairs, with one minotaur attacking the heroes from
the front while the other comes from the rear.
The skeletons in Xander’s tomb are equipped differently
than standard skeletons. All of them have breastplates,
shields, short swords, and pikes. The skeletons fight in
a phalanx formation, with the skeleton in front using its
shield, and the skeletons in the back using two handed
pikes. The skeletons in front using shields and short
swords have an AC of 18. The skeletons in the back
have AC 16 and attack using extra-long pikes. They
attack with +4 to hit, reach 15 ft. and inflict 1d10+2
damage on hit.

You may choose to allow the party to try and navigate
the labyrinth as if they were solving an actual maze, but
this may take quite a bit of time. For a simpler approach,
you might consider having the party stumble through
the catacombs, discovering each area in the order that it
has been presented (X19, X20, X21, etc.)
For every 5 minutes of exploration, roll on the following table. As an alternative, you can roll on the table
when the heroes enter a new area in the maze.
Result

1–8

Nothing

9 – 12

Graxis

13 – 16

3 skeletons

17 – 20

2 minotaur skeletons



The bones in the center of the room suddenly begin
to twitch. Invisible forces pull sockets back into joints,
reconstituting into the forms of three towering skeletal minotaurs!




The three minotaur skeletons are the only enemies in
the room. They attack immediately, but will not leave
the maze. Each carries a weathered bronze great axe.

X20. The False Tomb




This circular chamber has a domed ceiling with
an oculus that lets in some light from above. The
chamber is dominated by a large stone sarcophagus
engraved with gilded letters. The floor at the foot of
the sarcophagus is covered by an old but beautifully-woven rug. The rug depicts Xander conquering a
race of bull-headed minotaurs. One of the creatures
kneels at Xander’s feet with a peace offering held
above his head.

Skeletons of Ancient Hoplites

d20



After 2 rounds:



Labyrinth Encounters







The inscription on the sarcophagus is written in
Draconic, and it reads:
XANDER HUORATH
FIRST OF HIS ORDER
This room is a false tomb, and a trap for those who
would loot Xander’s treasures. The sarcophagus is
a mimic and the rug is an animated rug. The first
person to touch the sarcophagus will become stuck to
it because of the mimic’s adhesive ability. The rug and
mimic will then attack with surprise.
There is nothing of value here. The lever at the back
resets the trap in The Trap (X23). Whenever it is pulled,
there is a screeching sound of metal against metal.

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

83

X21. Graxis’s Lair




This room stinks of blood and offal. Animal carcasses
and slabs of meat hang from the ceiling on heavy
chains. Two of the hanging bodies appear to be those
of human farmers. The stone floor is stained black
by centuries of the minotaur’s bloody appetites. This
appears to be his lair.




This room is Graxis’ lair. He goes hunting once a month
and stores his kills in here. His curse prevents him from
sleeping, so there is no place for him to rest. It is possible for heroes to set up an ambush here for Graxis.
Treasure
Graxis keeps baubles and coins that he has taken from
those he has hunted and killed. In a bag he has 600 cp,
254 sp, 115 gp, and six pieces of jewelry worth 25 gp each.

X22. The Chamber of Supplicants




This barrel-vaulted chamber is littered with bones,
discarded weapons, and rusted shields. Pillars and
alcoves along the walls house marble statues of priests
and supplicants.




After 2 rounds:




The bones and weapons that litter the floor begin to
rattle and lock together, sockets clicking into joints.
Within moments, six armored skeletons stand before
you, slamming their swords against their shields!




This trap triggers when more than 300 pounds of weight
have gathered in the room.
Bronze Doors. The bronze doors are barred from the
other side and require a DC 30 Strength check to open.
If the trap is triggered the doors will become unbarred,
but will still be stuck and will still require a Strength
check to open as discussed below.
Smash Trap. The trap works over 4 rounds. Have all
players roll initiative. On initiative 20 of the first round,
a portcullis descends in the entrance, cutting off any
retreat. The south wall then begins to push forward with
a screech of metal against metal (characters who pulled
the lever in The False Tomb (X20) will recognize this
noise as being the same one they heard).
On initiative count 10 of the second round, spikes
protrude from the mouths of the wall carvings, dealing
10 (3d6) piercing damage to everyone in the room (one
time only). At initiative count 1 of the fourth round,
anyone who is still alive in the room takes 32 (10d6)
bludgeoning damage as the wall smashes inward.
Anyone reduced to 0 hit points is crushed to a paste.
There are three ways to escape the trap:

• Pulling the lever in The False Tomb (X20) will stop it.

This causes the spikes and portcullis to return to their
original positions, and the trap will remain inactive for
a full hour.
• It is also possible to force open the bronze doors. A
successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check opens the
door in 3 rounds. A check of 20+ opens the door in 2
rounds, while a check of 25+ opens them immediately.
• Lifting the portcullis requires a successful DC 25
Strength (Athletics) check.
Treasure
Scattered amongst the skeletal remains of the victims of
the trap are 112 gp and 245 sp.

X24. Tomb of Xander

The six skeletons in this room form up with three in
front (to block anyone from getting past) and three
behind. The front three skeletons use breastplates,
shields, and shortswords, while those in the rear ranks
are armed with pikes.



This large, barrel-vaulted chamber is decorated with
polished bronze fittings, which flicker like gold in the
dim red light of a single torch. The center of the room
is dominated by a black marble sarcophagus, engraved
with the likeness of Dragonlord Xander. Whispers break
the silence, solemn voices from ages past, extolling the
deeds of the man interred here…

X23. The Trap




This rectangular room has a high ceiling, sculpted
walls, and a flagstone floor. A mangled skeleton lies
near the entryway. The walls are embellished with
rows of screaming stone faces. The far end of the
room features a pair of heavy bronze double doors.
Two skeletons are sprawled on the floor in front of
the doors. Their bones are partially crushed, and their
armor is mangled.


84

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s







Even wit h the gods on our side, we



wit hout our dragons. And when

victory died wit h him.

were never the same

Xander died, all hope of

—Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (38

CE)

The chamber is lit by a single everburning torch. The lid
of the sarcophagus weighs nearly a ton. It takes a combined Strength of 22 to slide the lid off the sarcophagus.
As soon as the sarcophagus is opened, if Graxis is alive, he
will arrive to attack the heroes.




The hulking form of Graxis suddenly looms in the
tomb entryway. He snorts derisively. “Come to pay
your respects, have you? Well, what do you think of
your great hero? Xander the conqueror. Xander the
murderer. I am the last of my tribe. I cannot rest. I
cannot sleep. Xander slaughtered my people. He
enslaved my family and bound us to this cursed place.
Among your kind, he is revered for this. But I spit on
his bones.”


Without his weapon, Graxis can only use his Gore attack
for the remainder of the battle.
Xander is a wight with a Strength of 22 and maximum
hit points (66). He wears the Breastplate of Mytros (AC
18), though the armor is badly dented. Xander's alignment is true neutral, and he will not fight unless absolutely forced to by the party.
When Graxis is dead, Xander will stand up, silently
remove his breastplate, and lay it on the ground in front
of his sarcophagus. This done, he will silently return to
his sarcophagus and drags the lid back into place.
Treasure
Other than Xander’s famed equipment, there is no other
treasure in the room. The Shield of Volkan can be looted
from Graxis's corpse.



Epic Path: The Vanished One

Graxis soon loses patience:




The hulking minotaur hefts his great axe and bellows
so loudly that the very walls of the tomb seem to
quake. He charges at you!


Xander has information concerning the location of the
Vanished One's fabled armor. He will speak to this hero.
He also carries two crowns of the dragonlords, which he
awards to the Vanished One and the Gifted One. Refer to
the Running the Epic Paths section for details.



After two rounds of combat with Graxis, read the following at the start of the third round.




Without a sound, Xander’s desiccated corpse rises from
his sarcophagus. He raises his hands towards Graxis.
The minotaur’s great axe appears to jump from the
beast's hands of its own volition, flying into the grasp
of the undead king. Xander turns to face your party.
Then, curiously, he changes his withered grip on the
weapon and presents its handle to you.


The Armaments of the Dragonlord
Xander's three legendary items radiate magic and can be
attuned. The items are:

• Axe of Xander
• Breastplate of Mytros
• Shield of Volkan



However, the axe and the shield are badly damaged, and
their magical properties aren't working. These items
must be taken to the Mithral Forge (F21) for repair.
Volkan must use Pythor's Hammer to repair them. He
can repair one item per week of work.

Xander was never one to shy away from battle, but he possessed a
certain nobility of spirit that the other Dragonlords lacked. My mother
believed that he would carry on fighting even in her absence, but after
she ascended, he seemed to no longer care whether he survived to see
the peace restored.

— Kyrah, Goddess of Music

Ch apter 2 | The Gr e at L abor s

85

Chapter 3:

Summoned by the King
“You may be a goddess, my queen, but you fail
to understand the hearts of your subjects. I alone
know what is best for my people. Do not question me.”

K

The King’s Dragonlords


—King Acastus, to Queen Vallus,
the Goddess of Wisdom

ing Acastus has learned that the
Heroes of the Prophecy have completed the
first of their Great Labors. He has dispatched
seven of his most loyal centurions to find the
heroes and bring them before his throne, and the people
of the great city of Mytros eagerly await the arrival of the
famed heroes. Tales of their great exploits already circulate in every tavern: it is even rumored that they travel in
the company of the gods!
When Should I Start This Chapter?
This chapter introduces major characters and includes
critical story developments. Run this part of the adventure after the heroes have completed two or three of
their Great Labors. The king’s centurions might intercept the heroes on the roads of the Heartlands or in the
city of Estoria.

86

Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King



In the distant skies, you can make out three winged
forms approaching you. The sun shimmers off their
scales, and you realize that they are young copper
dragons. You have heard rumors of the dragons of
Mytros, but these creatures are far more splendid than
you imagined. The dragons are ridden by red-cloaked
knights: high ranking centurions from the city. The dragons descend and touch down several dozen yards away.
Three knights with shields and swords dismount
and approach you. The determined look in their eyes
suggests that they have been sent here with a mission,
but they clearly mean you no harm. Their leader steps
forward and introduces himself, “I am Tarchon. We
have come on behalf of King Acastus to escort you to
his palace. He wishes an audience with you.”




Tarchon (NG captain) is accompanied by two other
captains. They are mounted on young copper dragons.
He explains that the Lord of Storms has waylaid the city
of Mytros with a devastating hurricane. King Acastus
expects the heroes to come to the city’s aid at once.

Tarchon and his men have been ordered not to return
without the heroes. However, they won’t attack the
party, even if provoked. If the heroes refuse to come
with him, Tarchon will appeal to the party’s sense of
honor and duty. He also confesses that Acastus is not a
forgiving king; if the knights return empty-handed, he
will be punished.
Tarchon is one of a burgeoning order of dragon-mounted soldiers commanded by the king. They
call themselves Dragonlords, after the king’s ancestors.
Kyrah and the other gods are dismissive of this new
order, calling it an exercise in pure vanity.

bolt at the hero with the second lowest initiative. After
the lightning strikes, the storm continues, but Sydon’s
face can no longer be seen in the clouds.

TRAVELING TO MYTROS

At this point, you may choose to allow the heroes
to explore the City of Mytros, but the storms make
it difficult to do much of anything beyond visit local
landmarks. Most people are locked down inside to wait
out the storm, and the Great Games cannot begin until
the storms end. Tarchon and his centurions will urge the
heroes to come to the Great Palace as soon as possible.

The Great Palace
Now that the heroes are in the city, Tarchon escorts
them straight to the Great Palace, preventing them from
stopping along the way. He explains that once the king’s
dilemma has been resolved, the party will be free to
wander and explore the palace and city.
The Ceaseless Storms

Traveling to Mytros takes about one day from most of
the outer reaches of the Heartlands. You may choose to
run one random land encounter during this time. If
Tarchon and his men are present, they will leave all the
dangerous work to the heroes. They have no wish to risk
harm to their dragons.

The Royal Gate

THE THRONE ROOM

This massive gate can be accessed from the paved road
that snakes up the hillside. The road is wide enough to
accommodate traffic moving in both directions. The
towers that flank the gate are carved to represent the
writhing forms of dozens of dragons.




As you approach the city of Mytros, you are reminded
of its immense scale. Its walls and temples sprawl
across the foundations of Mount Volkan, and its great
harbor stretches for miles across the coast. This is the
jewel of Thylea: the bastion of mortal civilization.
But something is wrong. Massive, swirling black
clouds loom over the city, the wind battering its ships
and tearing at its banners. Howling gales greet you
as your draw closer to the city gates, and it becomes
difficult just to put one foot in front of another. The
centurions at the Royal Gate urgently beckon you into
the city as torrential rain hammers down.
Glancing up into the sky, you notice that something
ominous has materialized within the spinning eye
of the hurricane. It’s the scowling visage of Sydon,
Lord of Storms. His angry eyes rove the city, until
they abruptly lock onto your exact position. The titan
conjures a crackling white bolt of lightning and hurls
it at you.


Have the heroes roll for initiative. Whoever rolls the
lowest is immediately struck by the bolt of lightning,
which hits with the same effects as a lightning bolt spell.
The chosen hero still gets a saving throw versus the
spell. You may choose to have Sydon throw a second

King Acastus (see appendix) can be found here during
the day. The king is always protected by seven of his best
centurions (LG captains). He is usually accompanied
by his concubine Bella (CN noble). He frequently calls
upon the services of Commander Gaius (see appendix),
who represents the Order of Sydon within the city.




Centurions escort you through marble colonnades of
the palace and into the Royal Hall, where the king waits.
Rain hammers loudly upon the palace roof and, as you
enter the throne room, an ear-splitting crack of thunder
rolls across the sky.
A middle-aged man with a powerful build sits on
a gilded throne opposite the entrance. On the step
below him are four others: a beautiful ageless woman
of regal bearing, a soldier dressed in a cerulean cloak,
a tiefling wearing a black robe, and a finely-dressed
young woman. Centurions stand at attention along the
walls of the room.




Acastus is certainly cunning, but it will avail us little against


the power of the Titans. This is not an age that demands
crafty politicians or charismatic kings. We need heroes and
great warriors: no more, no less.
—Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

87

The King’s Dilemma




The king beams on seeing you. “Here they are—the
Heroes of the Heartlands. Welcome, honored guests!
You have come not a moment too soon. I am in desperate need of your counsel. As you may have noticed,
our beautiful city is besieged by evil weather. We have
wasted several days discussing how best to placate the
Lord of Storms, but my advisors cannot seem to agree
upon anything.
“The Oracle’s prophecy has angered Sydon. That
much is clear. You are the ones who were foretold to
confront the Titans and restore balance to Thylea.
Therefore, I have decided that you must be the ones to
decide how we resolve this crisis.”


The Origin of the Dragon Eggs
If Acastus is ever asked about where he found the
dragon eggs that have allowed him to revive the
Dragonlords, he will lie. He says that he sent heroes
to explore Thylea a decade ago in an attempt to find
dragon eggs. His plan has finally come to fruition, for his
heroes discovered a cache of dragon eggs and the lair of
an adult silver named Icarus. Acastus claims that Icarus
has befriended him, and the dragon wishes to help him
rebuild the order.

Four Possible Solutions



King Acastus and Queen Vallus (see appendix) are
accompanied by Gaius and Bella. The tiefling calls
himself Chondrus (see appendix). He is an emissary
from the Cult of Lutheria and the king dislikes him.
He cannot be ignored, however, because he represents
powerful interests within the city.
King Acastus is charming but arrogant. He will
introduce the other characters (including his wife, the
queen) in the throne room with polite condescension.
Each character present has a different opinion on how to
handle the crisis, and each states their preferred course
of action. The heroes are then expected to decide what
should be done.

Secretly, Acastus knows that every possible course of
action will be considered controversial by the people
of Mytros, and he does not want to be held responsible
for any consequences. He wants the heroes to make the
decision, so that they will be blamed rather than him.
In summary, here are the options that the heroes must
choose from:

• Cast the 8th level spell control weather.
• Order the destruction of the Temple of the Five.
• Purchase 10,000 gp worth of livestock to sacrifice.
• Convince the gods to work a miracle.
Whichever solution the heroes choose, the king
will order it done immediately. If the chosen action is
successful, Sydon will be appeased or his magic will be
countered. In either case, the storms will pass.
Option 1: King Acastus
First, the king wonders whether the heroes can stop
the storm with magic. He has heard that there are
powerful spells that may be used to alter the weather.
Surely if the rumors about the heroes are true, then
they should be mighty enough to command such
magic?
Controlling the Weather

King Acastus

Acastus refers to the 8th level spell control weather,
which the heroes probably cannot cast. However, if the
party has collected two sets of nymph-hair strings, then
they can craft the Boreal harp at the Mithral Forge. In
this case, a bard will be capable of casting the spell, but
Acastus is impatient, so the harp must have been created
before they answer the summons to Mytros.

When it becomes clear that the heroes cannot use
magic, the king feigns disappointment. If the heroes
chose not to sacrifice the great boar to Sydon earlier
in the story, Acastus may also wonder aloud at their
wisdom in making such a decision.
Option 2: Commander Gaius
Gaius angrily demands that the king dismantle the
Temple of the Five and smash every stone to dust.
Sydon abhors the worship of other gods, and especially
worship of the Five. Gaius has argued for decades that
the Temple of the Five should be destroyed, but the idea
has recently gained some popular support. If Gaius is
to be believed, smashing the temple is the only way to
appease the Lord of Storms.
Gaius is also contemptuous of both the heroes and
Queen Vallus. She is, after all, one of the Five Gods
and the daughter of the patron god of the city. As the
commander of the Order of Sydon, Gaius believes that
the city must abandon its worship of the Five, and stop
putting any faith in these “puppets of the Oracle.”
Destroying the Temple
If the heroes choose to order the destruction of the
Temple of the Five, then the gods will grudgingly accept
this course of action. Vallus and Kyrah have long believed
that it was inevitable that their power would wane and
that the people of Mytros would lose faith, but they
had hoped that it would not happen in such a fashion.
However, this loss of worship still causes pain to the Five.
As a result of the temple’s destruction, Kyrah, Vallus,
Pythor, and Volkan will become dispirited and suffer one
level of permanent exhaustion.

Option 3: Chondrus
Chondrus argues that Sydon can only be placated by the
intervention of Lutheria, his sister-wife. To gain her help
the king should order seventy children of the city to
“take the black robes” and dedicate themselves to the
Cult of Lutheria. He promises that the Lady of Dreams
will treat the children well—they will eat the finest of
foods and drink the sweetest of wines.
In fact, they will all be sacrificed in the cult’s perverse
blood rituals. Everyone suspects this and hates the
suggestion. Queen Vallus would have Chondrus killed
before she would allow it to happen.
Keeper of the Great Library
Chondrus appears later in the adventure on the Island
of Yonder. He hopes to convince the heroes to bargain
with Lutheria. If the heroes manage to turn the king
against him, he will use dimension door to escape back
to his lair.

Option 4: Bella the Concubine
In normal circumstances, Bella should have no voice
in this matter, but the king indulges her. She innocently asks why the usual solution has not been tried.
Normally, the priests of Sydon sacrifice dozens of
animals to placate the storm god. Acastus explains that
for a storm like this one, they would need to perform a
hecatomb, a sacrifice of 100 oxen. This would require
half the livestock in the city, and it would cost about
10,000 gp. Perhaps the heroes might pay the cost? The
royal coffers cannot afford such an expense...
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

89

Vallus wants the heroes to convince Pythor, Kyrah,
and Volkan to help her work a miracle. This depends
on the heroes’ ability to convince the other three gods
to surrender a portion of their power to protect the city
from Sydon’s magic. Working the miracle will cause the
gods to suffer one level of permanent exhaustion, but
it will bolster the city’s faith in the Five Gods.

Queen Vallus

Performing a Miracle
If the heroes choose this course of action, then Vallus
calls Kyrah, Pythor, and Volkan into the throne room.
The heroes must succeed on a DC 16 Charisma
(Persuasion) check. Alternatively, you can simply roleplay this encounter by having each hero make a separate
plea to the gods.
If the gods are convinced, then they will vow to
protect the city. They thank the heroes for their wisdom
and go to the Temple of the Five to seek the guidance
of Mytros.

THE STORMS VANISH


For centuries, I ruled this city alone. With the looming war,
I sought to share my burden with Acastus. Even the gods
may have regrets.

— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

Option 5: Queen Vallus




Queen Vallus suddenly stands up from her throne and
approaches you directly, ignoring the protests of the
king. She radiates a sense of profound intellect and
divine beauty.
“Heroes of the Prophecy, I greet you. I am Vallus, of
the Five Gods. For centuries, the people of Mytros have
revered me as the goddess of wisdom. Mortal kings
once traveled from across the Cerulean Gulf seeking
my counsel but, as you can see, my husband prefers to
consult with fools and concubines.
“We gods are capable of saving the city. Joined
together, the four of us can weave a spell to counter
Sydon’s magic. Such a miracle will require a sacrifice of
our power. I will do what must be done to protect my
city, but the others will need to be persuaded.
“I have summoned Kyrah, Pythor, and Volkan to the
palace so that you might speak with them and make
them see reason. You are the Oracle’s chosen. They will
heed your words.”


90

Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King



Hours pass, and the storm gradually relents. Light breaks
through the breaking clouds, spilling down onto the
marble pediments and wet paving stones of the city.
Slowly, citizens begin to emerge from their homes. Before
long, the usual bustle of everyday life in Mytros resumes.
King Acastus looks pleased. “Excellent work! I knew
I could trust you to handle this matter. Now, let’s see
about your reward…” He pulls a rolled parchment out
of his cloak and hands it to you.
“This map will lead you to the last known whereabouts of the Ultros. It was my ancestor’s ship, the
legendary vessel of Estor Arkelander, fiercest of the
Dragonlords. There was a time when I thought I might
claim it for myself, but I have no need of it now.”
“You should know that I am rebuilding the ancient
order of the Dragonlords. In time, I will have a legion of
dragon-mounted warriors under my command. Then
we will have no more need of heroes and Oracles. We
shall drive back the Titans with the power of the dragons, just as my forefathers did.”
“In any case, this map will allow you to resume your
so-called ‘Great Labors.’ I thank you for the service you
have done my city. You are dismissed.”




The king rewards the heroes with the map to the Ultros,
which was last seen near the Dead Falls.
Acastus encourages the heroes to leave his city as
soon as possible, because their fame has begun to overshadow his own. Secretly, he will pray to Sydon that his



bloodthirsty undead ancestor will kill the heroes and put
an end to their glory-hogging ways.
If the heroes ask why they must recover the Ultros
instead of sailing some other ship, Acastus explains,
truthfully, that the wrath of Sydon makes travel beyond
the coast nearly impossible. They will need a legendary
ship if they are to survive the journey.
The King's Motives
As a descendant of the Dragonlords, Acastus feels as
though he will never live up to the legends of his ancestors. The ghost of Estor Arkelander taunts the king in
his dreams, promising him fame, glory, and immortality.
However, the king knows that his ancestor has treacherous designs. Estor seeks to possess a living host so that
he may wreak vengeance upon the Titans. Acastus is
sending the heroes to the Ultros, hoping to kill two birds
with one stone.

SUMMONED
BY THE QUEEN

Before the heroes leave the Great Palace, Queen Vallus
sends her chief stewardess, Makhaira, to intercept them
as they are leaving the throne room. Makhaira escorts
the heroes to see the queen in her chambers.

The Queen’s Chambers
When the heroes arrive, Queen Vallus is resting on
a divan across from a series of gilded mirrors. She is
accompanied by many scribes and servants in white.
While Acastus is off playing king, Vallus works hard
behind closed doors, performing the many necessary
duties of a true head of state.
The Queen's Warriors
The queen’s chief stewardess is Makhaila (LG amazon
warrior), who commands twelve amazon warriors.
Makhaira was exiled from Themis by Queen Thesilea VI
and came to Mytros ten years ago. She is fiercely loyal to
Queen Vallus.

The Queen’s Warning
Vallus explains that her husband has not been entirely
honest with the party. The map to the Ultros is accurate,
but the king is almost certainly sending the heroes to
their doom. She knows that Acastus has been troubled
in his sleep by dreams of some kind, and she thinks that
his unusual generosity is somehow connected to this.
He would never give the heroes such a gift unless he
believed that it would work to his advantage.
Vallus insists that when the heroes have acquired
the Ultros, they should return to her immediately. She

is certain that her 'stupid husband' will try to take the
ship. She feels that nothing good can come of Acastus
controlling both the ship and the dragons.
Conflicts in the City
Vallus also explains that there are deep conflicts within
the city between the followers of the Five and the followers of the Titans. She has some suspicions about what
the Titans want. You can decide if your players need to
hear anything of the history of the Titans at this point,
or whether this would only muddy the waters for them.
She is desperately worried that, at the time when the
Oath of Peace ends, the powers of the Five Gods will be
fully spent. If Pythor or Kyrah are present, she will also
be concerned for them, and will make a point of asking
after the health of Volkan, her father.
Quest: The Cult of Lutheria
This quest is optional, depending upon whether or not
you want the party to explore Mytros before they set out
on their quest to recover the Ultros.
Vallus asks the heroes for a favor. Sydon may have
been pacified this time, but the Titans should pay a price
for their cruelty and impudence. While attacking the
Temple of Sydon would be too much of a provocation,
the Cult of Lutheria is gaining a dangerous amount of
influence in the city. Vallus asks the heroes to help the
city by striking a blow against the cult.
The queen suggests that the heroes should investigate the Temple of Lutheria (M20) in Stygian Row. This
is not an invitation to cause chaos in the lower city—
the heroes should approach this carefully and collect
evidence against them if possible. The Cult is popular
because it supplies the city with much of its wine.
One Final Warning
Before the heroes leave, Vallus repeats her warning
about Acastus: the king does not need to know when the
party has recovered the Ultros.
The Blessing of Vallus
If the heroes sacrificed the great boar to Vallus, she will
reluctantly thank them but she doesn’t understands why
they did so. Most such offerings are made to her mother,
Mytros. She is appreciative, however, and she grants the
heroes her blessing before they leave.

Encounter: The King’s Dragon
The king’s dragon, Icarus (CN adult silver dragon),
is loudly snoring in the main courtyard of the Great
Palace, lying atop a small fortune’s worth of silver coins.
The king happily allows him to sleep here. The dragon
is attended by seven servants, who have been ordered to
pamper him with new trinkets and freshly-slaughtered
sheep each day.
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

91

Icarus, the King's Dragon

more than the few coins he allows them, he will grow
annoyed and call for guards to escort them away.

EXPLORING THE CITY

Now that the heroes have solved the king’s dilemma and
learned of the whereabouts of the Ultros, they are free to
explore Mytros. They can attempt to recover the Ultros,
participate in the Great Games, or investigate other
strange events in the city.
As the heroes exit the palace, they begin to realize that
their fame precedes them.

Encounter: Your Adoring Fans


Icarus the Adolescent
Although Icarus has the body of an adult dragon, he has
the callow mind of a twenty year-old wyrmling. Gaius’s
silver dragon, Argyn, is the same. Twenty years ago, when
Acastus became King of Mytros, Lutheria gave him several dragon eggs, along with potions of aging to feed the
dragons in order to accelerate their growth. Both Icarus
and Argyn were hatched and raised in this way.

The heroes may talk to the dragon if they wish, but it
will quickly become evident that he’s spoiled rotten and
completely self-absorbed. Icarus knows little of what is
happening in Thylea, and he cares even less.
Treasure
The dragon’s treasure pile contains 20,000 sp. He will
awaken immediately if even a single coin is touched,
but his first instinct is not to be angry. He likes it when
people admire his treasure, and he will allow each hero
to take as much as 25 sp, because he likes to feel generous and lordly. However, if the heroes attempt to take



As you leave the palace, you realize that people everywhere are watching you with great interest. You hear
excited chatter among the crowds. “It’s the Oracle's
chosen ones, the heroes of the Heartlands! They’ve
come to Mytros to save us from the Titans!”
Several merchants approach you, expressing gratitude for the work you’ve done to make the roads safer
to travel. Detachments of centurions salute as you
walk past. As news of your presence spreads, more and
more admirers crowd around you, vying for your attention. Before long, your progress through the city streets
has slowed to a crawl.


Continuing the Story
Now that the heroes have a map to the Ultros, they may
choose to attempt the next Great Labor. In this case, run
The Ghost Ship Ultros adventure.
Or the heroes may choose to investigate strange
happenings in the city, in which case, they should ask
around for rumors about the Cult of the Snake. This will
lead to the adventures in The Colossus of Pythor section.
With the storms gone, you might decide that it’s time
for a celebration in the city. Refer to The Great Games
section to give the party a break from dungeon crawling.

The City of Mytros
Founded five centuries ago, Mytros is named after the
matriarch of the Five Gods—the Goddess of Dawn,
who is also called the 'Silver Queen.' She is the patron
goddess of the city, although her influence has waned
somewhat in recent centuries.
The city was built around a natural harbor, where
trade ships arrive with goods from the distant city of
Aresia. Two great bronze colossi once guarded the
harbor, but only one of them is still standing. The city's
silhouette is dominated by several massive temples.
92

Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King



The hills above the harbor provide views that reach
as far as the Mithral Mountains and the Oldwoods.
These two hills are where the most important buildings
are located. One hill is the religious and political center
of the city, while the other hill is its mercantile center.
Between the hills are slums known as Stygian Row.
Behind the city is Mount Volkan, an extinct volcano
named after the husband of Mytros.
Mytros is mostly a beautiful and clean city. The
streets are cleaned every night, and the citizens frown

upon those who allow their mounts to defecate in the
streets. The city houses close to 50,000 people and,
although the majority of the population are human,
Mytros is the most diverse city in Thylea, with every
race represented.
Many of the greatest structures in the city are built
entirely from marble, inlaid with bronze, adorned with
painted tiles and beautiful mosaics. During the day, the
heat of the sun can make the city seem like a mirage,
as the air shimmers and the buildings glitter from the
reflected sunlight. Great walls surround and protect the
city, with only two major entry points—the Royal Gate
and the Commerce Gate.

FACTIONS IN MYTROS

Mytros is not a united city. A number of factions compete for influence over the citizenry.

The Cult of Lutheria
The Cult of Lutheria is the oldest cult in Mytros. The
cultists are unabashed worshippers of the Lady of
Dreams. Most people find their beliefs and rituals to be
repugnant, but they are tolerated because they provide
wine and entertainment for the popular wine festivals.
In truth, they would have been ejected from the city
a long time ago, except that they have “friends in high
places”—devotees among the aristocracy.

EVENTS IN MYTROS

These are events that can occur in Mytros while the
heroes are exploring the city.

Event: The Great Games


Queen Vallus
Vallus has been the queen of Mytros for centuries, but
she is far removed from her people. As the goddess
of wisdom, she is viewed as the natural successor to
Mytros, her mother, and her right to rule is affirmed by
the Temple of the Five. However, as the Oath of Peace
fails, faith in the Five Gods has waned, and people are
growing restless with anxiety about the Titans.

King Acastus
Acastus has been the king of Mytros ever since he
persuaded Vallus to marry him, some twenty years ago.
He is extremely popular in the city, especially since
he obtained a huge silver dragon. The blood of Estor
Arkelander flows in his veins, and many view him as the
successor of the ancient Dragonlords. Most believe him
to be a strong and wise ruler, or else why would Vallus
have married him?

The Order of Sydon
The Order of Sydon are devout worshippers of the
Lord of Storms. Although the Titan sent hurricanes to
punish the city for its faith in the Five Gods, a surprising
number of people worship him and support the Order.
Commander Gaius is often seen flying over the city on
his silver dragon, and he’s a popular figure with young
men and women who dream of joining the Order.

The Cult of the Snake
The Cult of the Snake are known for their abiding
loyalty to a mysterious figure called the Lady of Coins.
Those who displease the Lady are often found turned to
stone, with a green snake painted on a nearby wall. The
Cult of the Snake is actually a thieves’ guild, and hence
its influence is covert rather than open. Most of the
thieves in the city are loyal to the Lady.



You hear the sound of a runner's footsteps coming
from behind you. Before you can react, the source of
the noise dashes past you: a lithe young man carrying
a torch. He runs for another block before handing
the flame to another runner, who immediately takes
off in the same direction. The first runner’s friends
gather around him and congratulate him. Laughter and
excited shouting fill the air.
"The Great Games are beginning!"




The Great Games begin when the pyre is lit beneath the
ruins of the Colossus of Mytros (M15). Some people in
the street notice the heroes looking at the torch bearer.
They cheerfully explain that anyone, even great heroes,
can enter the Games. If the heroes wish to enter, then
refer to The Great Games section.

Event: The Funeral Sacrifice




You stumble upon a melancholy scene. Dozens of
figures dressed in black robes march somberly down
the street in an orderly procession. Mourners line the
street: wailing spouses, dumbstruck children, and
resigned elders look on. A large bronze cage is held
aloft towards the front of the procession. Inside the
cage is a shackled minotaur.




This is a funeral procession for a dozen centurions killed
fighting the centaur tribes on the borders of civilization.
The women wail in an ostentatious display of grief for
the dead while children look on dumbstruck and slightly
scared by the caged beast.
The caged minotaur is for a ritual battle before the
funeral. Most citizens of Mytros consider minotaurs to
be murderous brutes, fit only for use in games and rituals. They are sometimes captured by slavers and forced
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

93

into oaths of servitude. Once they've been exhausted by
years of forced labor, they are entered into gladiatorial
games, where most of them are eventually slaughtered.
Refer to the Minotaur Market (M21) for details about
this dark stain on the culture of the city.
The procession stops just outside of the Royal Gate
(M6), where a group of pyres has been lit for the dead
soldiers. Nearby, a walled pen has been constructed for
the funerary games. A group of three soldiers, family
members of the deceased, will be chosen to fight the
minotaur. A priest of Sydon announces that the sacrifice
of the minotaur is a blessing for the dead.
Ritual Combat. The soldiers fight the unarmed
minotaur to the death. As long as the heroes do not
interfere, one of the soldiers will be badly injured but the
minotaur will be defeated and killed. Intervening on the
side of the minotaur will earn the heroes sour looks and
suspicious gossip among the superstitious citizenry.
Optional Event: Bullbug
You can replace the minotaur with Bullbug (NG minotaur hero). Bullbug easily defeats the soldiers, but he
refuses to kill them. Now freed, he calls out a friendly
challenge to the heroes. If one of the heroes can beat
Bullbug, he will offer to join their crew.

Event: Statues of Terror




A small group of people gathers on the road nearby.
The object of their interest is easily spotted. It is an
incredibly lifelike statue of a woman that has suddenly
appeared in the middle of the city street. The statue
has a look of abject terror on its face.


The gathered citizens will agree that the statue is
remarkably lifelike, but none of them recall having seen
it before. Centurions arrive within minutes and ask
everyone to clear away. The centurions explain that this
looks like the work of the Lady of Coins, as though the
heroes should know exactly what that means.
If the heroes express interest, the centurions tell
the heroes to speak with the powerful merchant, Lord
Taran. He has publicly called for the Lady of Coins to be
brought to justice. The centurions are mildly surprised
that he is still alive. Lord Taran can be found at his villa
on the Neurdagon Estate (M11).

RANDOM ENCOUNTERS

These encounters are an easy way to add color to the
city. Roll on the following chart whenever you want
something unusual to happen in the city.

94

Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

The City of Mytros Key
M1. Temple of Sydon
M2. Temple of the Five
M3. Theater of the Gods
M4. The Great Palace
M5. The Academy
M6. The Royal Gate
M7. The Great Agora
M8. The Vault of Thylea
M9. The Courts of Mytros
M10. Bathhouse of Vallus
M11. Neurdagon Estate
M12. The Great Gardens
M13. The Commerce Gate

M14. Colossus of Pythor
M15. The Ruined Colossus
M16. The Dockyard
M17. The Fish Market
M18. The Siren’s Roost
M19. The Saty’r Tail
M20. Temple of Lutheria
M21. The Minotaur Market
M22. Mount Volkan
M23. Vineyards of Mytros
M24. The Soldier’s Gate
M25. The Harp Bridge

Random Encounters in Mytros
d20

Encounter

1–2

A lost-looking warrior monk from Aresia
asks you for directions to the Colosseum. He
intends to participate in the Great Games.

3–4

Two young acolytes in gray togas ask you for
a donation to the Temple of the Five. A passing captain from the Order of Sydon shoves
them to the ground and spits on them.

5–6

Several young children carrying wooden
pikes and shields scurry up to you. "Are you
Dragonlords? You don't look so tough to me!"

7–8

A band of satyrs playing harps and flutes
begin to sing songs about you as you pass.
The songs at first seem flattering, but you
start to think they're making fun of you.

9–10

Seven cultists are roasting spitted pigs over
a bronze bier. They offer free pork and wine
to passersby. "Compliments of the Temple of
Lutheria. All hail the Lady of Dreams!"

11–12

Suddenly, a copper coin smacks you in the
forehead. You hear a bleating laugh from the
rooftops. A single goatling grins down at you.
"Keep the change, little starveling!"

13–14

Dozens of hoplites in bronze armor march
past you. They seem to be heading for the
city gates, perhaps to reinforce the outlying
settlements. "For the glory of Mytros!"

15–16

A portly herald in a white toga stands on
a pedestal. He speaks in a booming voice,
announcing news to a crowd that has gathered to listen. (Loudly read 2-3 rumors).

17–18

A crowd of angry citizens are throwing rotten
fruit at a fettered philosopher. She stands
accused of slandering King Acastus. "Shame
on you for besmirching the name of the king!"

19–20

A winged siren messenger glides overhead
and lands nearby, singing happily. She delivers
a message to an old woman, who immediately breaks down into tears at the terrible
news. The siren giggles and flies away.



Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

95

RUMORS IN MYTROS

Mytros is the center of trade in Thylea, and so it is a
place where rumors from all corners of the land can be
heard. These rumors might be overheard on the streets,
in marketplaces, or in taverns:
Rumors in the City of Mytros
d12

Rumor

1

The Order of Sydon has demanded that the
statues of the Five in the Great Agora be knocked
down. King Acastus has refused them, for now.

2

The Great Games will be starting soon. Aresia has
sent its best team in years and might embarrass
Mytros. Even stranger, the Amazons of Themis
have sent a delegation to the Games.

3

Gaius, the leader of the Order of Sydon, now has
more influence over King Acastus than the goddess Vallus. How can such a thing come to be?

4

King Pythor, the God of Battle, has abdicated his
throne and no one knows where he has gone!

5

The petrified victims of the Lady of Coins are
being found in increasing numbers. King Acastus
has been unable to stop her! Perhaps the Order of
Sydon will help…

6

The great chimera of the Cerulean Gulf took a
dozen victims aboard a merchant ship that was
just one day’s journey from Mytros.

7

Ekoh, an oread, is calling for war with Aresia
again. After 500 years, she's still trying to get her
betrothed back. She should really give it a rest.

8

The most powerful merchant of Mytros, Lord
Stavros, was banished to the Isle of Exiles for
poisoning the son of his rival!

9

The Order of Sydon grows too powerful. They
have seemingly unlimited wealth. Some think
their wealth comes from the lost gygan ruins on
the Island of Yonder.

10

The barbarian tribes of Indigo Island have been
unusually quiet as of late. There have been no
raids in recent years. What are they planning?

11

Something has disturbed Kentimane. The Titan’s
great arms are on the move! Many have seen it!

12

The great vortex known as Charybdis has swallowed another ship. The ship was from Aresia.
It was heading to Scorpion Island, full of young
warrior monks going to their final trial.

The news from Mytros is never good. Merchants in the
Heartlands even have a saying: “South winds carry
sirens on wings with ill tidings.”
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music
96

THE TEMPLE DISTRICT

The Temple district is so named because it is home
to both the ancient Temple of the Five and the newer
Temple of Sydon. This is the center of religious and civic
power in Mytros. It's also where the Great Palace can be
found. Everything in this part of the city is impressive:
the Theater of the Gods can hold crowds of thousands,
while the Academy is one of the greatest centers of
learning anywhere in the world.

M1. Temple of Sydon




Before you stands an imposing structure supported
by carved stone columns. A series of steps carved
to resemble crashing waves leads to the temple’s
entrance. Inside is an enormous central statue made of
blue-green marble. It depicts a tall, wrathful man with
three eyes and long gray hair. He wields an onyx black
glaive. This is Sydon, the Lord of Storms.




This temple is the primary place of worship for Sydon
in all of Thylea. The temple itself is a peripteros with 48
columns. It is built on a high podium that is accessed by
an imposing set of steps shaped like ocean waves.
A stair at the center of the temple leads to several
underground chambers where the paladins of Sydon
meet to discuss the Order's many plans.
The Order of Sydon are headquartered here. They are
a band of zealots who revere the ocean god Sydon above
all others. They seek to the end all worship of the Five.
During the day, the temple is filled with citizens who
come to hear the teachings of Sydon or receive blessings
from the priests. During these busy periods, at least
three priests of Sydon with six captains as protectors
can be found within. At night, the temple proper is
quiet, although the underground chambers are occupied
by priests and soldiers.
Gaius and His Dragon
The highest-ranking member of the Order of Sydon is
the paladin, Commander Gaius. During the day, he can
often be found in the Great Palace (M4), but at night
he is usually here. Gaius is a true believer—a zealot who
knows that the Five are false gods, thieves who stole the
power of the true god, Sydon.
According to Gaius, the Five are useless pretenders:
Pythor is a carousing drunkard; Kyrah composes terrible
poetry; Vallus preens herself in an ivory tower; and
Volkan is a crazy old dwarf who builds useless trinkets.
Once the heroes sail into the Cerulean Gulf on the
Ultros, Gaius will move to the Island of Yonder, where
the Order of Sydon have a base. Gaius is able to move
between Yonder and Mytros easily due to a gift given to
him by Sydon: Argyn (LE young silver dragon).

Argyn was bred by Sydon at his tower, Praxys (S25).
The dragon has been conditioned to believe that the
Five are evil and that Sydon is the one and only force
for good in the world. Argyn’s presence in the city is the
subject of widespread gossip and admiration, but the
dragon’s very existence infuriates Queen Vallus.

M2. Temple of the Five




This relatively humble temple has an entrance with
five stone columns. While it is smaller than the
Temple of Sydon, it displays a much higher level of
artistry, boasting lofty architecture and beautiful
statuary. Intricate carvings embellish nearly every surface, complete with gilding and inlaid precious stones
throughout.




This temple is the oldest civic building in Mytros.
Elected representatives from the city districts of Mytros
and the outlying villages meet in council here every new
moon. However, the structure of civic life is increasingly dictated by the Order of Sydon, who believe that
the Temple of the Five should be destroyed in order to
appease the jealousy of the Lord of Storms.
Queen Vallus often visits here. During the day, she can
be found at the palace, where she runs the city's civic
affairs. She comes here at night to pray to her mother,
Mytros, the Goddess of Dawn.
The temple is tended by five high priests (LG priests)
and each high priest is attended by five acolytes. The
priests provide all common temple services at no charge,
including the lesser and greater restoration spells.

Test of Beauty and Wisdom
Outside of the temple during the day is a gang of young
men who are admirers of Vallus. They are led by a vain
young man named Sulla (LN acolyte), the youngest son
of the powerful merchant, Taran Neurdagon.
Sulla is enamored with Vallus, and spends all of his
time trying to gain an audience with the goddess or
catch a glimpse of her as she leaves the temple. Vallus
finds the young man obnoxious. She ignores him
entirely, much to his chagrin. The last time he tried to
gain her attention, Vallus told him that she would agree
to have an audience with him if he brought her a single
mortal of unsurpassed beauty and wisdom.
Sulla has heard of the heroes’ exploits. He will single
out the hero with the highest Charisma score and
another with the highest Wisdom score. He begs the
two heroes to accompany him to see Vallus. If the party
agrees, then Sulla will take them directly to the queen.
Vallus is amused by the fact that the heroes have
been roped in by Sulla, but she will humor them.
Sulla presents the two heroes and extolls their beauty
and wisdom, hoping to impress her. Vallus remains
unmoved, pointing out the heroes' various flaws.
This forces Sulla into the realm of hyperbole—the
heroes are the wisest, most beautiful creatures ever to
grace the city! Vallus reluctantly agrees, until finally,
Sulla's unrequited affections have been completely
transferred from the queen to the heroes.
Sulla proposes marriage to each of the heroes, offering a gold ring inset with a diamond worth 1,000 gp.
Whichever hero agrees to marry the young man gets
the ring. The agreement is not binding, but this entire
situation greatly amuses the queen.

The Wine Festival is my most cherished childhood
memory. There was little else for a young tiefling
to look forward to in Stygian Row.

M5. The Academy

– Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria



M3. The Theater of the Gods




A fine theater stands at the foot of the Temple Hill.
Rows of seats built into the hillside are arranged
around a polished marble stage. Behind the stage is a
small building where stagehands and costumed actors
come and go, carrying elaborate props.






The theater has a marble stage that extends in front of
an orchestra pit. It has a four-tiered seating area that
ascends the slope of the hill. The building behind the
stage has rooms for actors to prepare and storage for
props and movable scenery.
The Wine Festival. The theater usually stands empty,
but if the Wine Festival is happening in Mytros, then it
will be busy for a full week. Refer to the Wine Festival
event in the City of Estoria (E1) for details.

M4. The Great Palace




The Great Palace stands at the top of an impressive
stone stairway. It is similar in appearance to the temples of the gods, except that its design emphasizes its
civic function. Rather than statues to the gods, the
palace is decorated with royal seals and with bronze
tablets describing the legal codes of the city.




While not nearly as grand as the city's temples, this
palace is still an impressive building. The stairs lead to
an expansive antechamber, which connects to the throne
room in the Royal Hall. This is where King Acastus can
be found during the day.
The heroes are summoned here when they first arrive
in the city. King Acastus is usually accompanied by his
advisor, Chondrus (see appendix), his concubine Bella
(CN noble), and Gaius, commander of the Order of
Sydon (see appendix). Acastus is always protected by
five of his best centurions (LG captains).
Permission to Enter the Palace
The city guards generally restrict access to the Great
Palace, but the heroes are allowed entry because they
have been summoned by the king. After their audience
with Queen Vallus, the heroes can revisit the palace
whenever they like. Refer to the Summoned by the King
section for details.

98

Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King



The sprawling campus grounds of the Academy bustle
with activity. Over a dozen impressive marble buildings
stand in rows, connected by paved, well-maintained
pathways. Rich green lawns stretch between the pathways, and scholars can be seen reading, writing, and
hotly debating all manner of subjects.


The Academy is spread throughout more than a dozen
buildings. This is one of the greatest centers of learning
not just in Thylea but most likely in all the world.
The Great Library contains scrolls detailing knowledge on the flora and fauna of Thylea as well as information on topics such as metallurgy, alchemy, medicine,
cartography, and almost any other imaginable subject.
The Hall of Heroes is devoted to recording the heroic
exploits of Thylea’s heroes throughout the ages. Marble
statues and busts of all of Thylea’s heroes can be found
here as well as scrolls of their histories and songs.
The Schools of the Arcane consist of eight buildings
devoted to the study of the eight schools of magic, each
headed by an arcane master (LN mages).
The Great Orrery is a building that contains a replica
of the many planes of existence, represented as celestial
spheres fashioned from bronze clockwork.
The Hall of Debate provides a forum where any philosophy can be discussed without repercussions, even if
it veers into the theological. Some of the greatest minds
in Thylea can be found debating philosophy here:

• Machaon (CG half-orc mage)
• Chalcodon (LG elf noble)
• Kerodotos (NG gnome priest)
• Atreus (CN tiefling captain)
The Academy is well protected and if anyone is foolish
enough to make trouble here, they will be quickly subdued by the arcane masters.
Event: The Great Debates
The heroes are invited to participate in a series of
philosophical debates at the Hall of Debate. Machaon,
Chalcodon, Kerodotos, and Atreus all wish to test the
intellectual mettle of the so-called "Saviors of Thylea."
Each of the philosophers poses a paradoxical problem
to the heroes and then awaits a response. There are no
right answers to these puzzles: the philosophers want to
see how the heroes behave in the debate. They will be
impressed if the heroes take the exercise seriously. They
will be disappointed if the heroes are sarcastic or silly in
their responses.
Machaon. The famed ship that brought the
Dragonlord Adonis Neurdagon from the old lands to
the lands of Thylea was the Valorous. The Valorous had
sixty oars, a single mast, and a great prow. Over the

centuries, it has decayed, and the Neurdagon family
removed the old oars and planks, replacing it with
newer and stronger timber. They replaced the mast
when it was cracked in a storm, and they replaced the
prow when the ship ran aground. After five centuries,
every single piece of the Valorous has been replaced.
Is the Valorous now the same ship that once carried
Adonis Neurdagon, or is she a different vessel?
Chalcodon. Pythor is in a footrace with a tortoise.
Pythor allows the tortoise a head start of 300 feet. If we
suppose that each racer starts running at some constant
speed (one very fast and one very slow), then after some
finite time, Pythor will have run 300 feet, bringing him
to the tortoise’s starting point. During this time, the
tortoise has run a much shorter distance of only 30 feet.
It will then take Pythor some further time to catch up
to those additional 30 feet, by which time the tortoise
will have moved even farther ahead. It takes more time
for Pythor to reach the third point, while the tortoise
continues to maintain his lead...
Thus, whenever Pythor arrives somewhere the tortoise has been, he still has some distance to go before
he can catch the tortoise, despite running much faster.
Clearly, this means that Pythor will never catch the tortoise. How do you explain this paradox?
Kerodotos. A sphinx captures the young crown prince
of Mytros. His mother comes to the sphinx and pleads
for the return of her son. The sphinx replies that he will
only return the prince safely if the mother can guess
correctly whether or not he will indeed return the boy.
What is the problem here? As it turns out, there is
no problem if the mother guesses that the sphinx will
return him: if she is right, the boy is returned; if she is
wrong, the sphinx keeps him.
However, if she answers that the sphinx will not
return him, we end up with a paradox: if she is right
and the sphinx never intended to return her child, then
the sphinx has to return him, but in doing so, he breaks
his word and contradicts the mother’s answer. On the
other hand, if she is wrong and the sphinx actually did
intend to return the boy, then the sphinx must keep
him, even though he did not intend to do so, thereby
also breaking his word.
Atreus. What is the nature of good and evil? Are
they metaphysical properties that can be measured or
changed? For example, if a man commits murder, his
neighbors may call him evil. We may rightly say that he
has evil properties. Hoping to atone for his act, this man
may offer to pay the victim’s family gold pieces to compensate for their loss. Now, let us say that the victim’s
family is satisfied by the payment, and they forgive him,
saying that he is no longer evil. The man had evil properties before he made the payment, but now he does not.
If properties of objects cannot be created or destroyed
but merely transferred, where did the evil properties go?
Are the coins now evil? Is the family evil?

Reward. For participating in the debate, the four great
philosophers award the heroes signed copies of their
books: Machaon’s Paradoxia, Chalcodon’s Mathematika,
Dialogues of Kerodotos, and Atreus’s Metaphysika. The
books are worth 1 gp each, and each takes 1 day to read.
Studying all four books grants proficiency in Arcana.

M6. The Royal Gate




This massive gate is wide enough to accommodate
traffic moving in both directions. The towers that flank
the gate are carved to seem as if they are made from
the writhing forms of dozens of dragons




This gate is always guarded by two captains and twenty
soldiers. They are extremely disciplined and refuse to
engage in conversation with passersby.

THE NOBLE DISTRICT

The Noble District is loud, crowded, and colorful.
Merchants from all across Thylea come here to ply
their trades at the Great Agora, and to keep their wealth
in the Royal Bank. Many of the wealthiest citizens of
Mytros have real estate here.

M7. The Great Agora




The Great Agora serves as the heart of both the Noble
District and Mytros itself. A multitude of vendors sell
all kinds of goods from across the continent. Their
stalls are protected from the elements by rows of
narrow, roofed structures, supported by columns.
Sprawled out beyond the Great Agora are a number of
large private estates, bathhouses, and temples.




Huge marble roofed colonnades or stoa provide shelter
from the sun and the weather here. Twelve-foot-tall
statues of the Five watch from the edges of the Agora.
A new statue of Sydon stands at its center, and it towers
higher than any of the statues of the Five.
Merchants from all over Thylea gather here during the
day to trade and to sell their wares. All manner of goods
can be found here; from foodstuffs such as fish, meat,
wine, cheese; to animals such as cows, goats, and sheep;
to pottery, clothes, and bronze equipment.
Grimmik's Armory




This large shop stands in a prominent location in the
Great Agora. The walls and racks are filled with many
varieties of polished bronze weapons, armor, and tools.




Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

99

This shop is run by Grimmik (NG captain), a retired
centurion who sells adventuring gear and equipment.
All non-magical weapons, armor, and tools from the 5th
Edition Player's Book can be purchased here. He also has
a single mithral ingot for sale, for 1,000 gp.
Grimmik is proud to have served the city of Mytros
as a soldier, and he shows off several scars he earned in
battles against the centaur tribes. He purchases all of his
equipment from "a small workshop" in Estoria (E9).

will attack everyone around them. The young centaur
will seek sanctuary at the Temple of Sydon.
Treasure. There is a locked chest in the shop that
contains 50 pp and the Collector’s spellbook. The book
contains all of the spells from the mage spell list. The
chest can be opened with a successful DC 15 Dexterity
check with thieves' tools.

Zorin's Concoctions





M8. The Vault of Thylea



This small shop is tucked away in a shady corner of the
marketplace. The inside of the shop is dusty and dark,
and the walls are stocked with bottles of all kinds.




This beautiful bank doubles as a place of worship for
Thylea, the Mother Goddess. The vault is sanctified by
a circle of druids, who tend to a single great oak tree
that grows from the central courtyard.






The bankers are elves who have devoted themselves to
the Mother Goddess (TN druids). For a monthly fee of
1 gp, anyone can entrust their money, jewelry, gems, or
other treasures to the bankers, who will store them in
the network of tunnels beneath the huge oak tree.

This shop is run by Zorin (TN mage), a disgruntled
alchemist who washed out of the Academy (M5). He
sells potions and lesser magic items.
Zorin spent years perfecting his potions, but all his
teachers cared about were oratory skills. Unfortunately
for him, he has a habit of insulting his audience in any
long conversation. He opened his shop when it became
clear that he had no future as a famous philosopher.
Zorin's Shop Inventory
Item

Cost

potion of healing

200 gp

potion of heroism

200 gp

game of twenty squares

800 gp

necklace of adaptation

1,000 gp

periapt of health

1,000 gp

amulet, bulla talisman

2,000 gp

Law and Order in Mytros

The Great Menagerie




This shop is set up in a large tent at one of the stoas.
Inside the tent, it seems darker and colder than it
should be. Dozens of cages line the walls.




A hooded man introduces himself to the heroes as the
Collector (LE mage). He travels throughout Thylea and
collects exotic beasts and creatures. He offers to sell any
of these creatures to interested heroes.
Caged Animals. The cages hold a muzzled lion,
a muzzled cheetah, a hooded cockatrice, a hooded
harpy, a muzzled brown bear, a trussed up goatling,
and a trussed up young centaur. The Collector offers to
sell any of these creatures for a paltry sum of 100 gp, but
he stresses that all sales are final.
With the exception of the young centaur, none of the
creatures are trained. If released from their bonds, they

100

Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

The laws of Mytros are primarily focused on how to
punish someone who has been convicted of a crime. Jury
trials determine whether a crime has been committed.
Debts. If someone is delinquent in paying a debt, they
have one week to pay it. After that, the debtor may be
brought before the court forcibly. Unless the debtor
pays the amount owed, the debtor is forced to serve the
person he owes for a period of one day for every gold
piece owed until the debt is paid.
Capital Offenses. Murder, bribery of a court official,
and treason are punishable by death by “the Dragon.”
This is also the fate of anyone convicted of burning a
building within the city (or on the outlying farms and
settlements).
Theft and assault are all punished by enslavement as an
oarsman aboard a ship chosen by the courts for a period
no less than one year, up to a life sentence. The guilty
party may choose death by “the Dragon” instead.
The Dragon. This is an ancient chimera that is kept
imprisoned in a cavern below the courts. Two of its heads
are muzzled, so it will only use its dragon fire on a victim
tossed down to it for punishment.

M9. The Courts of Mytros




A broad, circular, white marble building stands apart
from the other structures in this district. It's divided
into three floors with rows of symmetrical windows.
Several large bronze tablets at the entrance of the
building describe the laws of the city.




The court building is circular and its interior has ten
rows of seats that circle the entire inside circumference.
At the center is a raised platform where both accused
and the accuser stand. Court cases in Mytros are
decided by jury, and the court can accommodate more
than 300 jury members at once, if required.

M10. The Bathhouse of Vallus




This bathhouse boasts two large baths, both the size of
swimming pools. One is filled with hot water, while the
other is filled with bracingly cold water. The connected
buildings include two huge open air gymnasiums and
dozens of smaller rooms for massages.




There are several bathhouses located in the city of
Mytros, but all of them pale in significance when
compared to this one. Queen Vallus had this bathhouse
constructed two centuries ago, to celebrate victory in
one of the Aresian campaigns. It is a place for exercise,
business agreements, courtships, gossip—and even the
occasional bath. While visiting the bathhouse is ostensibly free, there are several acolytes collecting donations.







This is one of the most expensive villas in Mytros. It is
home to the powerful merchant lord, Taran Neurdagon
(LN noble). He is descended from the ancient
Dragonlord, Adonis Neurdagon, and he has access to
immense wealth, although most of it is bound up in his
sizable real estate holdings.
Taran doesn’t allow uninvited guests, but he is willing
to make an exception for heroes who are willing to perform a specific task for him: he wants someone to track
down and destroy the so-called Lady of Coins.
Guardians. The entrance to the estate is guarded by
two veterans. These stalwarts will turn the heroes away



This verdant garden is circled by a ring of immense,
ancient oak trees. The air around you is sweet with the
scents of flowers, although many of them are unrecognizable to you. You can hear loud voices down one of
the many paths that wander into the green spaces.



Before you stands the most opulent villa in the city.
Despite its great size, the house itself is difficult to see:
the grounds are full of lush gardens, statuary, pools,
fields, and a large hedge maze with what appears to be
a great fountain shooting up from its center.


Quest: The Lady of Coins
When Taran eventually appears, he explains his predicament to the heroes. The Lady of Coins is a self-styled
folk hero who robs from the rich and gives to the poor of
Stygian Row. She has an intense hatred for the minotaur slave trade and aggressively attacks those who try
to make an honest profit. Taran admits that he makes a
large portion of his wealth from the minotaur slave trade,
so his business suffers more than most.
Taran explains that the Lady is cursed—she is a
medusa who petrifies anyone who crosses her. Further,
he explains that minotaurs are violent beasts with
limited intelligence who revel in bloodshed, and the fact
that the Lady of Coins has an affinity for them speaks
volumes about her character. Taran also suspects that
she is behind the Cult of the Snake, a thieves’ guild
deeply involved with smuggling and murder.
Reward. Taran offers the heroes 5,000 gp for the
Lady’s head. He is willing to pay as much as 10,000 gp, if
pressed. He advises the heroes to begin their search for
the Lady in Stygian Row.

M12. The Great Gardens

M11. The Neurdagon Estate


unless they mention the Lady of Coins, at which point,
they will invite the heroes into the main courtyard to
await Taran. The estate is also patrolled by two captains
and twelve soldiers from the Order of Sydon.
Treasure. Taran keeps 500 pp and 5,000 gp worth of
gemstones, jewelry, and other trinkets in a locked chest
in the study of his estate. The chest can be opened with
a successful DC 20 Dexterity check with thieves' tools.
The chest also contains the deeds for over 6,000 acres of
land in the regions surrounding Mytros.



The Great Gardens of Mytros are held to be the most
beautiful in all Thylea, boasting many paths, trees,
flowers, ponds, and fountains to heal the restless spirit.
The gardens are surrounded by perfectly-ordered oak
trees, all of which are five centuries old. These oaks were
planted when the city was founded.
Vitalis (LN halfling commoner) resides here. This
corpulent halfling is sometimes called “Vitalis the Fat”
or “Vitalis the Fragrant” (although never to his face).
Many believe him to be the wisest mortal in Mytros.
Vitalis lives, sleeps, and eats in the gardens, and he is
well-fed by his many admirers.
However, his personal habits don’t seem particularly
wise, as he never cleans himself, and he dresses in rags.
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

101

THE HARBOR

He also flatulates, belches, and harasses everyone who
passes by. Some of his favorite insults include:



• It looks like your face caught fire... and someone tried

to put it out with a hammer!
• You’re so ugly that when your mother sent you out to
play, they fined her for littering!
• Mirrors reveal many things, but they cannot talk...
and lucky for you, they can’t laugh, either!
• You there! Turn around. Hmmm... I can tell that you're
a centaur, but all I can see is the rear end!
Seeking Advice. Despite his foul demeanor, Vitalis
deserves his reputation. He gives out sound advice to
anyone who pays him in fine food or wine. He devours
the offerings and then answers questions in a drunken
haze, one question per person who feeds him. Treat this
as the equivalent of the divination spell.
On subsequent or follow-up questions, he will shoo
interrogators away, tell them that they must make their
own mistakes if they are to learn anything, and probably
pass wind from one end or the other.

The harbor of Mytros is as grand as the rest of the city.
You see ships sailing in and out of the bay, while others
remain tied up at docks. On one side of the harbor
stands an immense bronze statue of a muscular man.
It's clear that another such colossus once stood opposite this one, but it now lies in ruins.


M14. Colossus of Pythor




This is a sister to the Royal Gate. The road here is twice
as wide as the way to the Royal Gate, because it has to
accommodate mercantile traffic coming and going to
the Harbor. The gate is guarded by two captains who
keep an eye out for riff-raff from Stygian Row.







This bronze colossus is recognizable as a young
version of Pythor, God of Battle and current King of
Estoria. The statue’s head is wreathed by a crown of
leaves. Despite its relaxed stance and serene gaze, the
statue seems alert to anything that might threaten
the city.



This gate is decorated with beautiful statuary and
surrounded by lush greenery. The stairway beneath the
gate leads up to a verdant plateau: the Noble District.



The harbor of Mytros is the largest in Thylea. Dozens of
ships that ply the sea lanes of the Cerulean Gulf can be
found anchored in the bay, while others are in dry dock,
undergoing repairs.

M13. The Commerce Gate






This colossus is one of the wonders of Thylea. The twin
colossi were constructed before the First War with the
aid of Volkan, God of the Forge. In times of need, the
statues could be activated to defend Mytros. Refer to the
Colossus of Pythor section for details.

M15. The Ruined Colossus

M17. The Fish Market





Although this bronze colossus lies in ruins, it seems
that it once depicted the city’s patron goddess, Mytros.
A large pyre blazes at the statue’s feet, and a small
crowd has gathered around it.




This colossus was destroyed two centuries ago, and
the tale is still told with horror by the people of
Mytros. The Kraken, a terrifying creature from the
Forgotten Sea, attacked the city during a powerful
storm. The twin colossi wrestled the creature back
into the ocean, but the Colossus of Mytros was torn
apart in the struggle. She returned to her guard post
and collapsed into ruin.

M16. The Dockyard


This bustling dockyard boasts dozens of galleys,
each of which bristles with banks of oars. Many of
the ships seem to have sustained serious damage
recently. You can hear a chorus of hammering from
the drydocks.


The dockyard is always bustling during the day.
Although many merchants trade and bank in the Royal
District, many come dockside to work and barter. There
are bargains to be had with the many ships that arrive
here from across Thylea. There are also more than a
dozen drydocks where ships are repaired.
Sacrificial Stockyard
There is a stockyard here that sells sacrificial animals for
the ceremonies that are customarily performed before
ships embark on ocean voyages. The heroes may purchase such animals and sacrifice them to gain favor with
the gods, or to avoid confrontations at sea.
Animal

Cost

Weight

Lamb

25 gp

30 lbs

Sheep

25 gp

150 lbs

Goat

30 gp

150 lbs

Pig

20 gp

200 lbs

Cow

50 gp

2000 lbs

Bull

100 gp

3000 lbs

White Oxen

500 gp

3000 lbs

Black Oxen

1,000 gp

3000 lbs



The fish market is especially crowded in the afternoon, when the fishing boats start returning from the
Cerulean Gulf. Fish of every sort can be found on sale
here, including unusual catches like sharks, eels, and
octopuses. Quality fishing supplies can also be purchased here, including bait, tackle, and nets.
The Ancient Mariner. One of the merchants here is a
dwarf who has sailed Thylea's oceans for over 500 years.
His name is Samuel (TN veteran), and although he's
lost dozens of comrades to the treachery of the seas, he
still makes sacrifices to the Lord of Storms. Samuel has
lots of useful sailing advice to offer to heroes who are
willing to listen to him. One of his favorite stories to tell
is about a legendary city on the back of a dragonturtle
that wanders the Forgotten Sea.

STYGIAN ROW


Sacrificial Livestock for Sale



This crowded marketplace smells strongly of brine.
Barrels of freshly-caught fish line every stall, many of
which have just been unloaded from nearby ships.










This low-lying district is vastly different from the rest
of the city. Its clogged, stinking streets are filthy and
poorly maintained. Ruffians and vagrants shout threatening words at you as you pass. Signs of drunkeness,
violence, and open debauchery are everywhere.




Stygian Row is a wretched hive of scoundrels and sellswords. This is a den of iniquity, where any vice may be
freely indulged, and Lutheria is openly revered. This
part of the city never sleeps, as drunken revelers parade
through the streets at all hours of the night, and merchants hawk their illicit goods in broad daylight.
Tiefling Enclave. The district gets its name from the
word that many Thyleans use for tieflings—“Stygians.”
Five hundred years ago, this district was established
as an enclave where tieflings could be corralled,
because they were thought to be untrustworthy spies
of Lutheria.
Half-Orc Enclave. Half-orcs in Thylea are not mistrusted the way they often are in other lands. When the
original settlers learned that no orcs lived in Thylea,
many of the half-orcs among them realized that they
needed to live in close proximity to keep their bloodline
alive. They decided to settle alongside the tieflings.
Both half-orcs and tieflings are common in this
district, though neither race is particularly villainous,
especially when compared to the loathsome humans
who manage the Minotaur Market (M21).
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

103

M18. The Siren’s Roost




Scantily-clad men and women line this building’s large
windows, reclining on crushed velvet pillows, rich silks,
and gilded furniture. The sign hanging above the door
depicts a feathered woman in the throes of ecstasy.
As you enter, a beautiful siren dressed in a scarlet
toga approaches you. “Welcome to the Siren’s Roost.
Here, you can taste the finest fruits of immortality.
How may we serve you?”


Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

Quest: Kidnapped Children
Kalistor spends his time in Mytros trying to undermine
the Temple of Lutheria (M20). He believes that Trellus
and Septia are keeping children locked in their wine
cellar for use in human sacrifices. He has no rewards to
offer, but he emphasizes that if the rumors are true, then
rescuing the children would be the right thing to do.
Companions at the Siren's Roost



The woman is Ambrosia (NG siren noble), the owner
of this tavern. She genuinely seeks to entertain her
guests with fine music, wine, and “interesting” company.
Unlike similar establishments, she does not discriminate against satyrs, minotaurs, or centaurs, but she does
prefer to entertain rich clients and famous heroes.
When engaged in longer conversations, Ambrosia
makes it clear that she despises Julius, the owner of The
Satyr’s Tail, who used to send thugs to collect “protection” money. Now, she employs Vorena (LN half-orc
captain), a taciturn former centurion, to protect her
establishment. Vorena does her job well.
Each of Ambrosia's escorts claims to trace their lineage to a god or a nymph, so that clients can pick their
preferred flavor of “immortality.”
Son of Pythor. One of the escorts is Kalistor (CG
spy), who is actually a child of Pythor. He has met his
104

father only once, and they didn’t get along. He is quick
to fall in love with any hero who has 18+ Strength.

Escort

Claimed Lineage

Truth

Cost

Axios

Son of Narsus,
the lost god of beauty

False

100 gp

Calypsa

Daughter of a nereid
(sea nymph)

True

200 gp

Doria

Daughter of a naiad
(river nymph)

True

50 gp

Eosia

Daughter of an aurae
(sky nymph)

False

100 gp

Kalistor

Son of Pythor and a
mortal woman

True

50 gp

Phasis

Son of Helios,
the ancient sun god

False

250 gp

Strymon

Son of a nereid
(sea nymph)

True

100 gp

Teygete

Daughter of an oread
(mountain nymph)

False

50 gp

M19. The Satyr’s Tail




The interior of this crowded tavern is thick with smoke
and various unpleasant smells. Many of the patrons
appear to be half-orcs, while others are obviously
sailors. It's difficult to walk through the tavern without
tripping over its many inebriated patrons.


Temple of Lutheria (M20) sometimes drop by to deliver
new wine to Julius. They are looking for mercenaries to
help them track down some missing wine caravans.

M20. Temple of Lutheria




The sailors who come to this tavern drink to forget what
they’ve seen on the waters of the Cerulean Gulf. The
wine here may be over-sweet and watered-down, but it’s
also cheap and plentiful.
The taproom is filled with smoke and smells of fish
and unwashed bodies. The tavern is run by Julius (CE
veteran), a nasty old man and former slave trader. He
had his own galley before he ran afoul of Cerulean
pirates and lost everything, including his left arm. He
doesn’t like seeing his patrons bothered. If the heroes
disturb his regulars, he’ll send three of his bouncers (CE
thugs) to remove them from the premises.
Fryxon, a satyr, befriended Julius a few years back.
He provides music for the tavern. If a fight breaks out or
the bouncers need help in removing someone, Fryxon
will use his pan pipes to help put aggressors to sleep.
The Cult of the Snake. This is one of the only places
to find information about the Cult of the Snake. Fryxon
loves to cause mischief, and if asked about the Cult of
the Snake, he will loudly introduce the questioners to
Grecos and Nero (see below).
Tavern Patrons
The tavern is crowded day and night by sailors, bandits,
thieves, mercenaries, and other miscreants.
Varkon’s Crew. One of the captains is Varkon (CN
bandit captain), a half-orc, who is accompanied by a
half-dozen of his sailors (CN bandits). They are a rowdy
bunch, boasting about their adventures in the Cerulean
Gulf. Varkon often works for the Lady of Coins, and he
isn’t afraid to drop her name as a threat. He knows the
route that leads to the Island of the Dragon, and the Lady of
Coins uses him to deliver petrified musicians and performers to Hexia. Varkon also knows where to find the Cult of
the Snake’s secret entrance into the Colossus of Pythor.
Grecos and Nero. Another table is occupied by two
thieves who are members of the Cult of the Snake. They
always visit The Satyr’s Tail after successful robberies in
order to celebrate by spending their ill-got gains. Grecos
and Nero (CE spies) are brothers who love to insult
the other patrons with sarcastic remarks. They are also
fiercely loyal to the Lady of Coins and, if they notice the
heroes investigating the Lady, they will split up. Grecos
will let the Lady of Coins know that the heroes are interested; Nero will try to follow the heroes.
Wine Merchants. Trellus and Septia (apparently
NE commoners when they appear in public) from the



This small temple stands out from its surroundings due
to the obvious wealth that has been lavished on it.
The temple interior is dominated by dozens of
statues of a grinning, dark-eyed woman with a scythe.
Casks and painted jugs of wine are stacked along the
walls. The temple is filled with a sweet fragrance.




The temple is maintained by a family of wine merchants,
keen to promote the worship of Lutheria so as to serve
their business interests in the city. The high priest is
Trellus (LE cult fanatic), and he is served by six cultists
in black robes. His sister and lover, Septia (CE mage),
secretly plots to become queen of the city. The siblings
officiate in ritual kidnappings and human sacrifices, performed every full moon, although they are careful not to
kill anyone who might be missed.
Admirers of the Horn. If the two discover that the
heroes have the Horn of Balmytria, they will offer to
buy it for 5,000 gp. If the heroes refuse, then they will
secretly plot to kill the party and take it.
Quest: The Missing Casks
Recently, several wine caravans that should have reached
the temple have gone missing. The siblings believe that
bandits are hiding out in the woods near the Vineyards
of Mytros (M23). They offer 2,000 gp if the bandits can
be delivered to them alive (for use in ritual sacrifices), or
1,000 gp for the bandits’ heads.
Wine Cellar of Missing Children
The wine cellar of the Temple of Lutheria is a place of
horrors. Trellus and Septia currently have thirteen children (NG commoners) locked away in the cellar, which
Septia keeps warded with the silence spell.
The children's parents were sacrificed to Lutheria, and
their bones are scattered throughout the cellar. The siblings intend to induct the children into their cult—and
sacrifice those who resist. If the children are freed, they
can be sent to Queen Vallus for protection.

M21. The Minotaur Market




This marketplace is filled with bronze cages, which
surround a central, raised platform. A rank barnyard
odor assaults your senses. Over a dozen unwashed
minotaurs have been locked within the cages. The
minotaurs are physically fit but filthy, and many have
fresh bruises and superficial cuts from battle.




Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

105

In this market, minotaur slaves can be purchased for
100-250 gp each. There are usually a dozen specimens
on display, all of which were recently captured.
There are three separate slave houses close to the
market. Each is owned by a wealthy merchant who specializes in the sale of minotaurs. The minotaurs are kept
in filthy conditions—no better than cattle pens.
Minotaurs In Mytros
The citizens of Mytros treat minotaurs as little more
than livestock, using them as opponents to be slaughtered in the funeral games held to honor the recently
deceased. This practice is mirrored and multiplied in
the Great Games, which often require hundreds of the
creatures. Although some minotaurs used in this manner
are captured from tribes in the steppes, others are captively bred for the task. These “domesticated” minotaurs
live almost universally in squalid conditions unfit for
sentient creatures.
Queen Vallus has long sought to end this barbaric
practice in the city, but King Acastus and the Order of
Sydon have undermined her at every turn. There were
a few centuries where minotaurs were merely outlawed
from the city, but widespread smuggling and other
skullduggery have ensured that the practice of slavery is
alive and well.
The party may seek to liberate the minotaurs in the
market, but it will cause chaos in this district and infuriate
the Order of Sydon. The queen would strongly approve
of such actions, but most of the district's citizens are
cowards who prefer to maintain the status quo.

Encounter: Bullbug the Minotaur
One of the minotaurs for sale is Bullbug (NG minotaur hero), a large fellow even by minotaur standards.
Bullbug calls out to the heroes, asserting that he would
make an excellent addition to their party. Despite the
conditions in the market, he is confident and friendly.
Maximus the Merciless
Maximus (LE gladiator) is the slavemaster who runs
the Minotaur Market. He keeps order in the market with
the aid of twelve thugs, and he heaps abuse upon the
minotaurs. If any of the heroes are minotaurs and they
pass through the market, he mistakes them for escaped
slaves. In this case, he approaches the hero and attempts
to shackle them, berating them for getting loose.
Treasure. Maximus carries 750 gp in his coin purse.
He also carries a permit which allows him to sell minotaurs, which was issued by Commander Gaius of the
Order of Sydon. Technically, the permit allows him to
transfer oaths of service to his customers, as outright
slavery is officially outlawed in Mytros.

THE CITY BORDERS
M22. Mount Volkan




The black, rocky crags of Mount Volkan loom over the
northern quarter of the city. At its summit, the great
mountain dips into a gently-sloping basin. Although
trees grow in abundance on the mountain’s slopes, the
interior basin has been cleared to create flat fields.




The Great Games are held at the peak of Mount Volkan.
The proving grounds for the Games are inside the basinlike crater of the extinct volcano. The Great Games
are held outside of the city walls, because they are held
sacred as a neutral, non-political event. All of the Kings
of Thylea send their best to compete in the Games.

M23. The Vineyards of Mytros




You come to a vast field with row upon row of grape
vines. Although there are no obvious signs of caretakers, the vines are thriving, and fruit hangs heavy. The
plant life surrounding the vineyard is healthy—but
nowhere near as green and lush.


These vineyards are owned by a dozen mercantile families that live within the city. For centuries, these vineyards have been cared for by a tribe of satyrs.



Encounter: The Fey Glade




Following the road through the vineyards, you come
to a wooded pass flanked by two large marble statues
of leering nymphs. Passing between the statues, you
enter a foggy dell carpeted by dead leaves and wild
rose bushes. In the mist ahead, you hear the sounds
of musical laughter and revelry. It seems that you’ve
stumbled upon a glade of fey creatures.


they’ve broken the oath made by their ancestors. Boreas
mocks the siblings, claiming that Lutheria will swallow their souls as punishment. He offers the heroes
his Boreal harp if they will bring him the heads of the
treacherous merchants. If the heroes comply, he will
smash the harp before handing it over.

M24. The Soldier's Gate



This is where the caravans meant for the Temple of
Lutheria (M20) have gone. Satyrs have been waylaying
the caravans and stockpiling wine casks in the glade.
Boreas (NE satyr minstrel) is here, playing a gentle
tune upon his enchanted harp. He is accompanied by his
brothers, three satyrs, who are drinking wine and entertaining a dryad. Boreas has permanently charmed a
water elemental, which tends to the vineyards for him.
The Four Winds: Boreas
Kyrah recognizes Boreas as one of The Four Winds, a troupe
of fey bards who broke into the Temple of the Five and
stole her divine instruments. The Boreal harp is one such
instrument. Recovering it by force will be a challenge.
There is a 75% chance that the harp will be destroyed
in the battle, leaving behind a set of nymph-hair strings.



This heavily-trafficked gate leads northward into the
Heartlands. During the day, the road is filled with
centurions, pilgrims, and merchants traveling between
Mytros and Estoria. At night, the road is patrolled by
soldiers with torches, who rotate shifts between a
series of stone guard towers.




This gate is always guarded by two captains and twelve
soldiers. They are replaced each hour by an identical
squad from one of the towers along the road.

M25. The Harp Bridge




This stone bridge is suspended from cascading rays of
bright copper wire. When the wind catches the wire, it
produces concordant, harp-like melodies. The songs are
joined by a chorus of beautiful voices from nearby.


Keepers of the Vineyards. Boreas claims that the
wine merchants struck a bargain with him years ago, for
which he and his brothers were to be compensated in
wine. The terms of payment were vague, but the satyrs
interpreted it as one cask per month, as long as the vineyards of Mytros remain fruitful. They claim that they
were the ones who enchanted the vineyards, centuries
ago, ensuring that the vines would flourish.
Trellus and Septia. The merchants, Trellus and
Septia, are only humans with short memories, and



This bridge is the gathering point for a flock of sirens.
There are over twenty sirens in the flock, and they live
in the estates to the west of the bridge. They gather here
throughout the day to sing together, and their collective
mood fluctuates from one day to the next.
There is a 50% chance that they will be joyful and
a 50% chance that they will be mournful. On days
when they are joyful, commerce in the city flourishes.
On days when they are mournful, the city is more
superstitious.

The Colossus of Pythor
The Colossus of Pythor (M14) is a hollow structure, but
it is sealed and guarded. In theory, only King Acastus
has the password and key to enter the Colossus but,
unbeknownst to Acastus, the Lady of Coins has tunneled up from the sewers. Her servants have built a
secret entrance into the interior of the great bronze
statue, allowing her to use this as a base of operations.

Cult of the Snake
The Cult is a thieves’ guild that operates in the city’s
shadows. They have a headquarters deep within the
aqueducts. The cultists have recently been breaking into

the homes of wealthy citizens, stealing everything of
value, and leaving entire families literally petrified.
The leader of the cult is a medusa who calls herself
“the Lady of Coins.” She is the sister of Thesilea, the
queen of the Amazons, but she fled the Island of Themis
after a failed attempt to depose her sister. Refer to the
Island of Themis in the Cerulean Gulf for details.
Servants of Hexia. Moxena and her minions serve
the green dragon, Hexia, and they ferry their spoils to
her by ship once per year. Hexia has peculiar tastes:
she allows the cultists to keep almost everything of
material value, but she collects musical instruments
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

107

C3. The Statue’s Belly

and musicians. They are transported to her in petrified form, and she releases them for entertainment
at her leisure. Refer to the Island of the Dragon in the
Forgotten Sea for details.



KEY LOCATIONS
C1. Main Entrance (Right Leg)




A circular door opens to reveal a small chamber with
a spiral staircase reaching upwards. Both the staircase
and the walls of the room are forged from bronze, but
unlike the statue's exterior, this brightly-polished metal
has not been weathered by the passage of time.






The locked and guarded main entrance is in the heel
of the right foot of the colossus. Two marble golems,
each resembling Pythor, flank the door on the outside.
If someone tries to open the door without first speaking the password, one golem’s head will turn to look at
the intruder menacingly. If the intruder continues, the
marble golems will attack.
The door is locked with arcane lock. It can be picked
with a successful DC 25 Dexterity check with thieves'
tools. If the arcane lock is dispelled or suppressed with a
knock spell, the DC lowers to 15. The spell can be temporarily negated by speaking the password, “ADONIS.”
This password can be obtained from Vallus.
Inside the leg, a spiral staircase ascends to the room in
the belly of the colossus (C3).

C2. Secret Entrance (Left Leg)




A small hole has been bored through the sole of the
colossus’ foot. Inside is a room that has apparently
been melted out from the solid bronze. A single thug
sits at a wooden table by the hole, keeping watch.


This entrance has been bored from the sewer system,
and the room was created with the disintegrate spell.
The hole is only two feet wide, and a makeshift rope
ladder hangs down from the room in the belly of the
colossus (C3). A thug guards the entrance. If he sees
intruders, he rings a bell that hangs beside him before
taking any other actions, warning his comrades that
there are trespassers in the colossus.

return to
ould like to
sh
I
s,
ay
se d
ink it
One of the
statue. I th
e
tl
lit
y
m
visit
Mytros and
mes.
tle
nely someti
God of Bat
must get lo
— Pythor,



This circular room contains a series of coiled bronze
tubes that snake around and overlap in a large knot
that takes up most of the chamber. One set of pipes
stretches a few feet off the ground and has four
different colored valves: yellow, red, black, and green.
Several minotaurs and a vicious-looking woman wearing an eye patch are keeping watch in here.





The belly of the colossus is filled with large tubes that
resemble intestines. These tubes do serve an important
function for the colossus, supplying the chemical biles
and humors that power the automaton. The pipes transport the biles to all of its extremities.
The Bile Traps. There are four different biles: red,
green, black, and yellow. Some of these are poisonous to
humanoids. The four valves in the chamber give access
to the different types of bile. When any bile comes into
contact with air, it turns into a gas and retains its coloration. Opening a valve takes an action, and the room fills
with gas in the next round:

• Valve 1 (Red Bile). This odorless gas will cause fits

of hilarity. Anyone who breathes it in must make a
DC 10 Constitution saving throw or be considered
poisoned. Affected creatures are incapacitated by a fit
of laughter for 10 rounds. The creature may repeat the
saving throw at the end of each of its turns to shake
off the effect on a success.
• Valve 2 (Green Bile). This has a pleasant smell, but
it has a slow, progressive poisoning effect. Anyone
who breathes in green bile vapor must make a DC 10
Constitution saving throw or be poisoned. One round
after being poisoned, the victim will cough up mucus
and take 10 (3d6) necrotic damage. On the next round,
the victim will cough up blood and take 21 (6d6)
necrotic damage. On the third round, the victim will
go into a spasm, taking 10 (3d6) necrotic damage and
become paralyzed. Each round after being poisoned,
a victim can take an action to try and resist: a DC 15
Constitution saving throw stops the poisoning process.
• Valve 3 (Black Bile). This vapor causes extreme
sadness. Anyone who breathes it must make a DC 10
Constitution saving throw or become poisoned for
one minute. While poisoned, they become utterly
despondent, they have disadvantage on saving throws,
and their speed is halved.
• Valve 4 (Yellow Bile). This valve releases a harmless
yellow gas that smells like rotten eggs. The foul smell
lingers on clothing for one day, causing disadvantage
on all Charisma checks.
There are three minotaurs in here, along with the
female bandit captain. They are all resistant to the

Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

109

bile vapors, granting them advantage on saving throws
against the poisons. The captain tries to open the valves
one at a time while the minotaurs engage intruders. The
heroes can shut off one of the valves by using an action.

the minotaurs. The minotaurs have advantage as they
are helping each other, but the heroes can do the same.
Once the chamber has been re-opened the minotaurs
will rush forward to attack.

C4. The Statue’s Torso

C5. The Statue’s Chest





This curved, oblong chamber is situated between two
staircases. Small circular holes are visible throughout
the walls, ceiling, and floor of the room. Round glass
doors at each end separate staircases from the chamber. The western staircase leads downward, while the
eastern staircase leads upward. Two minotaurs stand
watch by the east door, apparently unfazed by the
sharp, acidic tang that pervades the air.


Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King



The main feature of this room is a bizarre, top-heavy
furnace that tapers to a rounded point. It hangs in
the center of the chamber from a series of pipes that
sprout from its top. Two thugs are busying themselves
with the furnace’s operation while another two stand
ready at the entrance from below.




The torso chamber is a large cavity that resembles a
stomach. The doors at either end are airtight, with small
glass portholes built into them, and they are sealed shut
when the heroes arrive. Pipes enter the room from both
the ceiling and the floor.
The Acid Trap. This chamber is where the gasses
that power the colossus are made. When the colossus
is active, a powerful acidic liquid is pumped into the
chamber and then heated to become a gas. This process can be activated by using an emergency lever on
the outside of each of the exits to the chamber. If either
lever is pulled, the doors seal and acidic liquid will pour
into the chamber.
It takes two rounds for the chamber to fill. Anyone
inside the chamber during this time takes 21 (6d6) acid
damage per round. On the third round, the walls of the
room heat up to turn the liquid into gas. Anyone touching the walls takes 21 (6d6) fire damage in addition to
the 21 (6d6) acid damage. On the fourth round, the acid
becomes gas and is then pumped out of the room. At
this point, the doors open.
The process can be ended at any time by pulling either
lever to the off position, which immediately drains the
chamber and opens the doors. When the liquid is being
heated, the only other way to open the doors is to use
a knock spell or to succeed at a DC 30 Strength check
to force them. If the doors are opened in any way, the
process ends and the room immediately drains.
Two minotaurs wait on the east side of the chamber, watching for intruders. They wait until at least two
visible intruders are inside the acid chamber. Then they
move outside to pull the emergency lever. Anyone outside of the chamber at the west end will see the emergency lever move into the “ON” position, the doors will
seal, and they can clearly see what is happening to their
companions through the porthole.
Heroes outside the chamber can try to pull the lever
to the “OFF” position by testing their strength against

110





These are four cronies of the Lady of Coins (CE thugs).
Heart of the Colossus. The furnace here looks like
a heart, and it helps to power the colossus. It is usually
dark and cold unless the colossus is active. However, if
the thugs hear any intruders below, they will power it up
using a lever on the east side of the chamber.
The Fire Trap. Once active, the furnace begins to
rumble rhythmically, once per round. The thugs will
leave the furnace door open so that every time it “beats,”
a jet of fire explodes into the room. The blast of fire
extends from the opening in a 5 ft. wide stream to hit
the back wall. The flames do 10 (3d6) fire damage.
Anything within 5 ft. of the back wall is engulfed in
flames. The thugs know where the flames go, so they
easily avoid the blast.

C6. The Statue’s Head




This spherical room is clearly the head of the colossus.
Two circular glass windows overlook the ocean to the
south. Heavy silk curtains line the rest of the chamber.
A beautiful woman wearing a platinum helmet lounges
on a hammock next to three lifelike statues of a dwarf,
an elf, and a gnome. A strange white orb swings gently
on a bronze chain at the center of the room.


The eyes of the colossus are windows that allow light
into this chamber. Behind the curtains, the walls of the
room are full length bronze mirrors, a dozen in all. A
single cord can be pulled to drop all of the silk curtains
and reveal the mirrors. Finding the cord requires a successful DC 15 Investigation check.
The milky white orb that hangs from a bronze chain
is the control mechanism for the colossus. Only someone in possession of King Acastus’s rod of rulership can
activate the orb and take control of the colossus. To do
this, one must touch the rod to the orb.
The woman on the hammock is Moxena, the Lady
of Coins—and the leader of the Cult of the Snake.



THE LADY OF COINS

Moxena,
the Lady
of Coins

The Lady of Coins (TN medusa) keeps her lair in the
head of the Colossus of Pythor. Although few in the city
know it, her true name is Moxena.
Moxena commands her forces from here, using the
chamber as her personal quarters. She has set up a silk
hammock on one side of the chamber. She wears a ring
of warmth, which she expects her followers to kiss.
Statues for Hexia
There are a three statues set up around the room—victims of petrification. The victims include a bard, (Xollos,
an absent-minded CN dwarven bard), a poet (Sylla,
a shy CG elven noble) and a musician (Gondros, LN
gnomish commoner who believes he is the greatest
composer of this time, and probably ever).
Moxena intends to ship these entertainers to her mistress, Hexia, on the Island of the Dragon. If the heroes
are able to free the victims from petrification, they are
immensely grateful and swear oaths of service.

I have no patience for those who sow chaos in the name
of doing good. One must always ask: who benefits?

Battling the Lady of Coins
In combat, Moxena will pull the cord that drops
the curtains, revealing the circle of mirrors. She has
trained herself to remain focused on one target, so that
she doesn’t see her own reflection. With the mirrors
revealed, Moxena's petrifying gaze affects everyone in
the room, except for targets who close their eyes. The
party may be forced to fight with the blinded condition.

the Amazons. She offers to show the heroes the way to
Themis. There they may plunder the island for its many
treasures, including the legendary sword Titansbane, a
powerful weapon that can be used against the Titans.

An Unlikely Ally
If Moxena senses that she has no chance of victory, then
she will surrender to the heroes and propose a deal: she
will join them on their quest. She has been using her
thieves’ guild as a means to gather resources so that
she can make war on her sister Thesilea, the Queen of

Moxena's Treasure
There are two chests in the room. One chest contains
Moxena's personal effects, which include three random
trinkets. The other chest contains the money reserves
collected by the thieves’ guild, which includes 55 pp,
450 gp, and 3,400 sp.

— Vallus, Queen of Mytros

The Great Games
"The Great Games have a history nearly as
violent as the Aresian campaigns. It's just a bunch
of bloodthirsty barbarians tearing each other apart
over the smallest dispute. Naturally, I'm referring to
the spectators, not the athletes."
—Queen Vallus, on the Great Games
The Great Games are a series of athletic competitions
between the kingdoms of Thylea. They began four centuries ago—a centennial celebration of the Oath of Peace
and the end of the First War. While visiting Mytros, the
party has the option to engage in the competition for a
chance to win great fame and live up to their calling as
the greatest warriors in Thylea.

Purpose of the Games
The Games are held every year to honor the Oath of
Peace. Dozens of priests offer sacrifices to the Five Gods
at the start of the games. The Order of Sydon have
recently begun to participate in the Games also, bringing minotaur sacrifices for Sydon and Lutheria.
The Games are a political tool used by various factions to demonstrate their dominance. Because of this,
the Games are officiated by a neutral party—Versi, the
Oracle, whose judgment is respected by all.
Akimedes (TN mage), the Academy’s arcane Master
of Divination attends and watches over every competition to ensure that no one cheats. He wears special
bronze goggles that grant him the effects of detect magic
and precise vision out to 400 feet. Cheating is penalized
by permanent expulsion from the Games.
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

111

Rewards for the Games
The victors of the Game's events are awarded special
medals that are crafted from precious metals. These
medals hold enormous value to collectors, but selling
them is frowned upon. Nevertheless, many athletes are
forced to sell their medals later in life, when they are
past their physical prime and coin runs short.
Every event awards three medals—one for each of the
top three athletes: bronze (250 gp) for third place, adamantine (500 gp) for second place, and mithral (1,000
gp) for first place. Legend has it that the Five Gods competed in the first Great Games, and “good old Pythor
won every single medal.”

Joining the Competition




Before you, Mount Volkan’s wide basin has been
transformed into a grand stadium. Dozens of running
tracks and courts have been set up for a wide variety
of events. Rows of stone benches have been hewed
into the mountainside, seating throngs of onlookers.
Thunderous chanting, cheers, and celebratory music
echo through the stadium. Both the athletes and the
spectators hail from across Thylea, and they wear all
sorts of exotic armor and colorful clothing.


The heroes can enter and compete in the Games, but
first they must pass a trial. Entering a trial costs a single
silver piece. The hero must win the trial in order to
compete in the official event.



The Athletes
Every settlement in Thylea sends its best athletes to
compete in the Great Games. Competing this year are
the following athletes:

• Cy (LN warrior monk) from the kingdom of Aresia.

He is famed across Thylea for his accomplishments in
previous Games. The citizens of Mytros hate him.
• Egan (LG veteran) representing Estoria. He is an
older competitor with more than a dozen Games
under his widening belt.
• Falana (CG noble) is a glamorous bard from Estoria.
She brings a legion of adoring teenaged fans from the
outlying settlements who cheer themselves hoarse.
• Hatria (CE amazon warrior) is a warrior and the first
ever Amazon to compete in any Games. She is aloof
and treated coldly by the other competitors.
• Jorges (LE captain) of the Order of Sydon. He is arrogant and pompous and has an intense dislike for the
heroes, particularly those who join the Games.
• Leyland (CG gladiator) represents Mytros and is a
favorite of the home crowd. He is considered one of
the greatest athletes of this generation.
• Pancras (CG oread) is a nymph from the distant
northern steppes. He is quite an exotic figure, and is
treated with curiosity by the other athletes.
• Spira (NG soldier) is an underdog who suffered
an injury five years ago and is only now recovered
enough to participate. The crowd loves her. She has a
Strength score of 16 (+3) and Athletics of +5.

Daily Sacrifice
At the start of each day, animal sacrifices are made to
each of the gods. These are carried out with solemnity,
after requesting a moment of silence from spectators.
Minotaur Battle. Recently, the Order of Sydon has
started a new tradition: a battle to the death against a
minotaur. This sacrifice to the Titans requires five athletes to work together to take down one minotaur.
If one of the heroes wants to be involved in a sacrificial event, they can volunteer. If a hero volunteers to
fight alone against the minotaur, then the other athletes
will step aside. Besting a minotaur in single combat
brings great honor and attracts crowds of onlookers, but
there is no reward for winning other than the fame (and
the pointed disapproval of Queen Vallus).

Optional Event: Bullbug
If you want, you can replace the minotaur with Bullbug
(NG minotaur hero) from the Minotaur Market (M21).
Bullbug calls out a challenge to the heroes to fight him.
If one of the heroes can beat him in good-natured single
combat, he will agree to join their crew. While this is
highly unusual, Queen Vallus will overrule the protests of
the Order of Sydon.

Daily Competitions
These are the competitions that make up the Great
Games. One competition is held each day, over a series
of seven days, with celebrations every night.
Partners
Each contestant can choose a partner to magically
augment them. This partner is allowed to use any magic
available to them. Most of the lesser athletes can’t afford
magical aid. Those who can afford it are aided by an
acolyte (who provides the bless spell).
Well-known athletes have access to a mage or priest.
These spell casters prepare spells such as bless, enhance
ability, longstrider, or haste. Partners who target anyone
but their chosen athlete are immediately disqualified, as
is the athlete that they were aiding.
Magic in the Great Games
Thyleans decided long ago that trying to stop magic
manipulation in the Great Games was pointless, hence
the ruling allowing a magical partner to augment an athlete. It also allows heroes that aren’t directly involved in a
competition to be part of the action.

Jumping
A hero must first succeed in a trial jumping event
against four other competitors (LN guards). Only one of
the other competitors will try and jump farther than the
standard jump.

In the actual jumping competition, the heroes will
have to compete against Spira, Leyland, Hatria and
Egan. A competitor can choose to perform a standard
jump, which will result in a long jump that is equivalent
to the Strength score of the competitor.
However, a competitor can also try to go further than
the standard jump. This requires a DC 15 Athletics
check. Failure means that the competitor lands 1-4 (1d4)
ft. short of the standard jump distance. A success adds
1 ft., with an additional 1 ft. for every 3 points rolled
above 15 (e.g. DC 18, DC 21, etc). Refer to page 182 of
the 5th Edition Player's Book for rules on long jumping.
Running
To qualify for this event, a hero must first succeed in
a trial event against four other competitors (two LN
guards and two CG scouts).
Competitors. In the actual event, the heroes compete
against Spira, Leyland, Hatria, and Pancras.
This is a 1000 ft. run divided into six race stages. All of
the runners must roll for initiative at the start. Whoever
wins initiative gains advantage on the first check to
move into the ‘ahead’ state. This starting advantage lasts
for the first three stages of the race.
Pulling Ahead. At each stage of the race, each racer
may choose to pull ahead. To pull ahead a runner must
make a successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check.
This DC increases by 1 at each subsequent stage (e.g.
DC 16, DC 17, etc). Failure means the runner gets one
level of exhaustion. A successful check means that the
runner is now considered to be in the ‘ahead’ state.
Once a runner has pulled ahead they must make a
successful DC 15 Constitution saving throw at the end
of every stage. Failure means they gain one level of
exhaustion and they are no longer considered ahead.
When a runner has two levels of exhaustion, they collapse and are disqualified from the race.
The Final Stage. At the sixth and final stage of
the race, every runner who is considered ahead has
a chance for a medal. They all must make Athletics
checks, with the highest check winning first place, and
the next two taking second and third.
If there are not enough runners who are considered
ahead, then after determining the finishing order with
the ahead racers, repeat this with the rest of the runners
except for those who have collapsed.
Javelin Throwing
To qualify for this event, a hero must first succeed in a
trial event against three young men (LG guards) and
one woman (CN scout).
Competitors. In the actual event, the heroes compete
against Falana, Leyland, Hatria, and Pancras.
Each competitor makes three javelin throws, and their
best throw determines how they place.
Calculating Throws. With each throw, a competitor rolls d20 and adds their Athletics, Acrobatics, or
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

113

Dexterity bonus (the competitor's choice). This bonus
is multiplied by 3 and added to the base javelin range
of 120 ft. For example, a competitor with Dexterity 14,
Athletics +2, Acrobatics +5 rolls a 15 and chooses to
add the +5 from Acrobatics for a total of 20. This total
is multiplied by 3 to become 60 ft. which is added to the
base javelin range of 120 ft. for a total of 180 ft.
Discus Throwing
To qualify for this event, a hero must first succeed in a
trial event against three young men (LG guards) and
one woman (CN scout).
In the actual competition, the heroes will compete
against Falana, Leyland, Hatria, and Jorges.
Each competitor has three attempts at the discus
throw. The mechanics work in the same fashion as the
javelin throw, but the base range of the discus is 90 ft.
Wrestling
This event uses the grappling rules described on pg. 195
of the 5th Edition Player's Book.
To qualify for this event, a hero must prove themselves against Crusher, a drunken black bear who
drinks large quantities of fermented honeywine before
the match. Crusher is a crowd favorite.
In order to win this event, a hero must win two grapple attempts in a row. Roll for initiative at the start. The
first successful attempt means getting a hold, while the
second successful attempt means getting the pin.
Competitors. In the main event, the hero must wrestle against Egan (for third place), then Cy (for second
place), and finally Jorges (for first place).
Boxing
This event uses the unarmed combat rules described on
pg. 195 of the 5th Edition Player's Book.
To qualify for this event, a hero must defeat Smasher,
another black bear like the one from the wrestling
event. Smasher is fitted with bronze-plated gloves.
Competitors. In the main event, the hero must box
against Spira (for third place), then Jorges (for second
place) and finally Cy (for first place).
Monk characters have an obvious advantage in this
event. The first person to be rendered unconscious is
the loser. Roll for initiative before each match.

The Great Relay
The great relay is the prestige event of the Great Games.
It requires teams of five to compete in a five-stage relay
race. In order to compete in the Great Relay, an athlete
must have placed in a previous event. Alternatively, they
may be sponsored by another winning athlete.
Competing Teams
There are three teams; competing heroes are the fourth
team. The named contestants anchor the fourth and
fifth legs of the Great Relay. If the heroes are unable to
114

Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

assemble a full team, they can try to convince one of the
other athletes to join them.

• Mytros: Spira, Leyland, and three soldiers
• Estoria: Egan, Felana, and three scouts
• Aresia: Jorges, Hatria, and three thugs
Parts of the Race
Each member of the team must be assigned to run a
leg of the relay. Once selected, they must stand at the
starting point of that relay. They are not allowed to start
running their leg of the relay until they are tagged by the
team member from the previous leg.
Winning Points. At the start of each leg of the race,
the athlete can choose to go at standard speed or fast.
Going at standard speed earns 1 point, while going fast
earns 2 points. Failing a required check for the leg at
either speed results in 0 points, though the athlete still
finishes the leg. These points will be totaled at the end
of the relay to determine the winning team.
If any single athlete is caught or reduced to 0 hit
points by one of the obstacles along the way, then that
team loses the entire race.
First Leg: The Beach Run
The athlete must make a dash over 300 ft. of sand. A
standard run requires a successful DC 10 Strength
(Athletics) check, while a fast sprint requires DC 15.
Lions. Partway down the beach, trap-doors burst
open (one for each team) spraying sand everywhere
and releasing a muzzled lion. Each lion goes for one
of the sprinters and uses its pounce action. An athlete
knocked prone by the lion is out of the race. Lions
have disadvantage on attacks against athletes who are
going fast.
Second Leg: The Underwater Swim
Magic has been used to freeze over one of the mountain
lakes. Each athlete must dive into a hole in the ice, swim
underwater for 300 ft., and then resurface. A standard
swim requires a successful DC 12 Strength (Athletics)
check, while a fast swim requires DC 18. Anyone with
swim speed on their character sheet gets advantage on
this roll.
Third Leg: The Cliff Climb
Each athlete must climb up a sheer cliff face. A standard
climb requires a successful DC 12 Strength (Athletics)
check, while a fast climb requires DC 18. Anyone with a
climb speed on their character sheet gets advantage on
this roll.
Fourth Leg: The Fire Dash
The athlete must sprint across a bed of hot coals and
fire snakes. A standard run requires a successful DC 10
Strength (Athletics) check, while a fast sprint requires
DC 15. A standard run causes 7 (2d6) fire damage to the
athlete, while a fast sprint causes no damage.

Anyone who fails either check takes 10 (3d6) fire
damage. There are six fire snakes amongst the coals, and
two of them will attack any runner moving at standard
speed. Only one fire snake will be provoked to attack by
fast runners. Anyone who fails their checks provokes all
six into attacking.

King Acastus takes this opportunity to steal as much
glory from the victors as he can. He is sensitive to what
pleases the crowd, and the people of his city absolutely
adore him. The king hands out the appropriate awards
the victors. The greatest athlete is awarded the crown of
laurels. There is no monetary reward for winning.

Fifth Leg: The Harpy Cages
The athletes must race across 300 ft. of beach. Along
the beach are three bronze cages, each with a harpy.
A standard run requires a successful DC 10 Strength
(Athletics) check, while a fast sprint requires DC 15.
Harpy Songs. Each athlete must make three DC 11
Wisdom saving throws to resist the songs of the three
harpies. Athletes can choose to cover their ears with
their hands, but this adds 2 to the DC of the running
check. However, it gives them advantage on their
Wisdom saving throw against being charmed.

Treasure
The medals are cheaply-made, but they are prized by the
people of Mytros and can easily be sold to merchants in
Stygian Row. The first place medal is valued at 1,000 gp,
the second place medal is valued at 500 gp, and the third
place medal is valued at 250 gp.
Awarding Experience
You should award 300 XP for participation in each of the
six lesser events. Participation in the Great Relay should
be rewarded with 900 XP. Participation in every event
is worth a total of 2,700 XP, which is enough to bring a
fresh character up to level four. If the heroes are higher
than sixth level, you may double these XP awards to make
participation more attractive.

Ending the Race
At the end of the race, the team with the most points
wins. The crowd reacts with great enthusiasm when
each team finishes the race.

The Award Ceremony




If any of the heroes were victorious, then they are
approached by two tavern owners from Mytros,
Ambrosia from The Siren’s Roost (M18) and Julius from
The Satyr’s Tail (M19). They hate each other, but both
of them want a sponsorship deal with the winner of the
Great Games. Such an individual would attract a great
deal of business to their taverns. The heroes can choose
the offer they like best, or they can try to persuade Julius
and Ambrosia to enter a bidding war.
Julius initially offers 1,000 gp and free wine for life,
although he can be persuaded to offer as much as 3,000
gp. Ambrosia offers 1,000 gp and a night of pleasure—
on the house, naturally. She will go no higher than 2,000
gp, but she points out that Julius is a greedy fool, and
associating with him will tarnish the heroes’ names.

Suddenly, there is a thunder of noise from the stands
as everyone leaps to their feet and points at the sky
with excitement. Descending from the clouds is a
huge silver dragon. On its back rides a crowned figure,
cloaked in red. The spectators cheer in unison. “It’s
King Acastus! King Acastus has come to honor the
victors of the Great Games!”
The silver dragon touches down at the center of the
colosseum, and the king dismounts with a flourish,
waving to the crowd with a broad smile. He carries
several shiny medals in one hand, and a crown of
laurels in the other. Approaching the row of victorious
athletes, he mounts a small stone platform where he
can address the thousands of people in the stands.
“PEOPLE OF MYTROS! My dear people, has this
not been the most exciting contest in living memory? I
have always loved the Great Games, and it has been my
pleasure to continue sponsoring them, even in these
darkest of days. Indeed, I believe that even the gods
themselves are watching, and smiling upon us! I offer
my sincerest congratulations to these fine men and
women—the greatest athletes in all of Thylea!”
The crowd thunders their approval, and hundreds of
flowers are cast into the arena at the king’s feet.


Tavern Sponsorships

There is much to be gained by winning the Great
Games of Mytros. First, they were born out of training
exercises devised by the Dragonlords, so they may help
keep your wits and reflexes sharp. Second, they are
immensely popular throughout Thylea, and the names of


the victors will live on throughout history. Third, it is a
chance to prove to yourself that you are ready for the
trials that surely lie ahead.

— Kyrah, Goddess of Music
115

The Ghost Ship Ultros
King Acastus has given the heroes a map to the Ultros,
the legendary ship captained by his ancestor, Estor
Arkelander. Acastus claims that his scouts have sighted
the ship at the Dead Falls. In fact, he has long known the
ship’s location, because his ancestor’s ghost haunts his
dreams. Estor hopes to lure one of his mortal descendants to the Ultros so that he may possess a warrior's
body and take vengeance upon the Titans.




The time has come to complete the next of your Great
Labors. King Acastus gave you a map to the last known
whereabouts of the legendary Ultros, but its location
seems ominous. The ship was last seen near the Dead
Falls in the rocky wastelands of the eastern Heartlands.
You’ve heard stories of the Ultros. It was captained
by Estor Arkelander the Dragonlord, leader of a savage
and bloodthirsty crew. He savaged the islands of
Thylea, leaving slaughter in his wake. Sydon unleashed
his full fury against the vessel, attempting to smash
it with hundred-foot waves and drag it down to the
bottom of the sea with terrifying whirlpools. But the
magic of the Ultros was so powerful that even the Lord
of Storms could not sink it.
The ship and its crew went missing several years
after the end of the First War. You must find it and take
command of it, for you cannot brave the waters of the
Forgotten Sea without it.


116

Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

The Ghost Ship’s Crew
Estor Arkelander’s ghost is captain of the Ultros. Seventy
ghosts and specters are the crew under his command,
all of them Estor’s thanes. The specters are crewmen
who have lost their sanity and been reduced to soulless
undead shades with no personality or drive.
Estor has been waiting for a band of warriors to board
his ship. He wants a new body, and possessing a great
hero will do nicely. For years, he has tried to lure King
Acastus to his ship, but his descendant is a cowardly
disappointment. He knows that Acastus has sent the
heroes in his place, and he plans to haunt their dreams
to discover the worthiest amongst them. He will mark
the worthiest hero as the warrior he intends to possess.
The Ultros is usually docked in an inlet near the Dead
Falls. Rarely, it ventures northward along the River
Lethe. The ghostly crew of the Ultros are deathly afraid
of the horrors of the Nether Sea, but they are nevertheless drawn to the chasm at the Dead Falls. The necromantic energy from the Nether Sea makes them feel
almost alive again.
A Pristine Vessel
For a ghost ship, the Ultros is surprisingly well-maintained. The ghostly crew keep the ship in perfect condition and clean it every day, by order of the captain. Estor
still takes pride in his ship. It is, perhaps, the only thing
that he has ever truly loved.



TRAVELING TO
THE DEAD FALLS

or be swept away and over the falls. A path leads along
the edge of the rapids: it is soaking wet but otherwise
safe to travel.

Traveling to the Dead Falls from Mytros or Estoria
takes about two days and requires the party to wayfind
through forests and rocky hills. You may choose to run
1-2 random land encounters along the way.

Encounter: The Gates of Death


The path along the rapids twists and turns, and the
sides of the canyon seem to be closing in around you.
The walls are adorned with horrific carvings of what
seem to be faces, both human and inhuman.

Return to The Sour Vintage
Located about halfway to the Dead Falls, the Sour
Vintage tavern makes a convenient place to stop for
a rest. Aetala now advertises the tavern as the place
where the “Heroes of the Prophecy” gathered before
slaying the Great Boar. She cheerfully offers the party
free accommodations, and her patrons ensure that the
heroes drink for free.







As you make your way further down the path, the
canyon continues to grow narrower. Cold winds assail
you, howling through the canyon with a blood-curdling
sound like an inhuman scream.


Rumors of the Dead Falls
The patrons of the Sour Vintage know a few tales of
Dead Falls. They say it’s one of the pathways to the
Underworld, the domain of Lutheria, Lady of Dreams.
Strange things happen there. People say the rocks
scream like harpies, and those who venture to the river’s
end never return. But there is an oft-repeated mantra
that the patrons use to reassure the party:
"Heroes have no fear of the dead!"

THE FALLS OF THE
UNDERWORLD

The king’s map points to a secret inlet at Dead Falls,
located just before the River Lethe rushes into a huge
chasm. The Ultros is supposedly docked at this inlet
every night in the hours before dawn. Getting to the
ship's mooring requires walking along the river’s rapids
and passing through a narrow canyon. The heroes
should arrive at midnight.



A passive Perception score of 12 or higher reveals
that the cliffs are moving together, and that the wailing seems to be coming from the mouths of the faces.
Heroes who notice this have one round to react.
On the next round, it becomes obvious that the cliffs
are moving. The cliff path pushes up against the other
side of the canyon, and the water beneath vanishes
under the rocks. Anyone still on the path at this time
must move 80 ft. to get to safety. Failure to escape
means that they will become stuck between the rocks.
Escaping. A successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics)
check allows a stuck hero to squeeze through to safety.
Failure means that they take 20 (6d6) bludgeoning
damage. Every round after that, they can make another
check to escape. The damage increases by 20 (6d6) on
each subsequent round. Anyone reduced to 0 hit points
is instantly killed, and reduced to a meaty paste.
After five rounds, the cliffs return to their original
position with the gore of any unfortunate victims plastered across the cliff walls.

The Dead Falls

The Rapids






The rapids are too dangerous to travel by boat or to
swim. If someone tries to swim across, they must make a
successful DC 20 Strength (Athletics) check every round



As the rapids twist and turn, you approach what
appears to be a massive waterfall. The water of the
river pours into a vast, shadowy chasm and vanishes.
The sight is beautiful, but you find it disconcerting
that such a large river could come to such a sudden
end. The thundering sound that typically accompanies
waterfalls is strangely absent here. It’s as if the water
and the noise have been swallowed by a void.

The River Lethe descends further and faster and breaks
up into frothing rapids. The water flows and gurgles
at a treacherous speed. Large, sharp rocks jut from the
water, making the river even more perilous.




The path leads to a section of the rapids at the canyon’s
narrowest point, with only 20 ft. between the cliff faces.
Each wall at first appears to be carved with horrifying
faces, but upon closer examination, it seems that they
might actually be mundane rock formations.

Rumors of the Ultros
Everyone knows of the Ultros. It’s Estor Arkelander’s
ship from the legendary adventures of the Dragonlords!
Several fishermen claim to have seen the ship sailing
down the River Lethe at midnight, but no one believes
them. Why would a ghost ship be sailing on a landlocked
river?









Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

117

Here the River Lethe pours into a chasm, creating a
waterfall that plunges for more than one vertical mile into
the Underworld, which explains the strange lack of sound.
Anyone who spills over the edge will fall for 20 seconds
before colliding with the primordial waters of the Nether
Sea, suffering 70 (20d6) bludgeoning damage.
The secret inlet is shown on the king’s map, but its
location is not obvious at first glance. With some trivial
investigation, the heroes will discover a switchback
rocky passage that leads to the inlet. The passage is
flooded by water (5 ft. deep), which the heroes must
wade or swim through.
Investigation: The Secret Inlet




You discover an inlet near the chasm where the river’s
waters are eerily still. The canyon walls surround a
small lake, protecting it from the rush of the nearby
rapids. Moonlight shines down through the clouds,
illuminating a beautiful ship moored alongside the
rocky shore.
This ship is large, and of fine workmanship, though
its design is ancient. Its sails are black, and the prow is
carved into the likeness of a dragon. You see no crew
aboard and you hear only silence.




Before the Dream
The top deck is empty. When anyone first boards the
Ultros, they will notice the cold, and anyone staying on
the top deck for more than a few minutes will begin to
hear whispering. They will also see the ghostly crew
members out of the corners of their eyes. As soon as
anyone tries to focus on the sights and sounds, they will
suddenly cease, only to resume a few minutes later.
During the Dream
There are six specters on the main deck, but they are
not immediately hostile. They don’t acknowledge the
heroes in any way.
The Quartermaster. At the steering wheel at the
rear of the ship is the ghost of the dwarf, Davos, one of
Estor’s thanes. He is singing a randy song to inspire the
crew as they go about their tasks (the specters are not
impressed). When he notices the heroes, he will end his
song and call upon the crew to slay the intruders.
The specters are hesitant to come to Davos’s aid, with
only one of them joining the battle each round. Once
Davos is destroyed, the specters return to their duties.
Davos starts off the battle by tearing the flesh from his
face in order to use his horrifying visage. After that, he
tries to possess one of the heroes.

U2. Storage Cabin

The Ultros is anchored in this lake, but it’s impossible to
see how it got here. It is impossible for it to fit through
the passage that the party used. The heroes may freely
walk along the rocky shore to the ship and board it.
Nothing stands in their way.



KEY LOCATIONS

This room is empty of crew at all times. There is no
difference before or during the dream.
Treasure. There is a small locked iron box that can be
opened with a successful DC 15 Dexterity check using
thieves' tools. Inside are six burnished dragonlord coins,
75 sp, 35 gp, and a small leatherbound journal.
The journal gives a detailed account of Estor
Arkelander’s role in starting the First War 500 years
ago. Refer to Estor Arkelander and the First War in the
Secrets and Myths appendix for details.



U1. The Top Deck




On the top deck of the ship, you feel a chill in the air.
The ship appears abandoned, though it is well maintained. Listening carefully, you hear faint whispering
and then sense movement around you as though from
crewmen at work. For a moment, you think you can
hear boisterous singing from the back of the ship but,
when you turn to look, there is nothing.




Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King



The oar deck is clean, orderly and built to house 25 oars
on each side of the ship. At each oar sits a single, silent
man. Upon second glance, each of them appears to be
translucent and partially decomposed.

Visions of the Ancient Past

118



U3. The Oar Deck


During this adventure, the heroes will experience a
strange dream during which the ship’s ghostly crew
become visible. Refer to the During the Dream sections
of each ship area to determine who is present during the
day or night in the dream. Refer to the Before the Dream
sections when the heroes are first exploring the ship.



This small storage cabin houses all of the necessary
provisions for a short journey out to sea. There is an
ancient chest in the corner. It appears to be locked.



Before the Dream
A fully-crewed ship like the Ultros should have had 150
men. The remaining oarsmen are strong enough to man



Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

119

120

Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

one oar each, which means that there are 56 specters
on this deck. They have lost their sanity, and their souls
have withered, so they are all silent and do not interact
with anyone. If attacked, an oarsman specter will cower
but will not actively defend itself or attack.
The Undead Drummer. At the rear of the oar deck is
an undead woman sitting by a drum. Her skin is white as
bone and her eyes are missing. She has the statistics of
a revenant, but she does not have a focus for vengeance.
She is not hostile, but she will defend herself if attacked.
If destroyed, she will return within 24 hours, rising out
of the river or the ocean to resume her place.
The drum-beater will ask one simple question in a
whispering voice: “Are you ready to travel to Mytros?”
She won’t communicate in any other way. If the heroes
say yes, she will begin to beat her drum. The specters
will begin to row. Once this happens, read the following:




The Ultros raises anchor and smoothly sets sail toward
the canyon wall. The cliff looms closer and closer
as the ship picks up speed, as if preparing to smash
through the rocks. Just when it seems like the ship
must collide with the wall, it suddenly dives underwater. The decks of the Ultros flood with water as it
submerges, and you are forced to hold your breath.
The ship travels at a terrific speed, rushing past large
aquatic creatures and shadowy rock formations. Your
lungs ache with the effort of holding your breath but,
finally, the ship surfaces. You find yourself surrounded
on all sides by the gentle waters of the Cerulean Gulf.


A ghostly figure rises out of the floor and speaks:
“Estor sends you to destroy me. You are fools to trust
him!” The ghost calls for his sword and armor: “Ebony,
Azurescale—arise and slay these intruders!”




Skathon was a powerful warrior in life. He possessed
a set of magical scale mail and a magical sword. These
items hang on the wall at the back of the cabin. The
sword will rise into the air and attack as an animated
sword, while the armor will attack as animated armor.
Once the fight has started, Skathon will leave the ethereal plane and try to possess a hero.
Treasure. Azurescale is a set of scale mail mariner’s
armor, and Ebony is a +1 mithral makhaira.



You enter a large room with six hammocks gently
swaying with the ship. The room is otherwise bare, but
there is a strange, ornate box sitting in one corner.

U4. The Captain’s Cabin


This cabin is more luxurious than the rest of the ship.
The bedding is made of finely-spun silk, as are the
curtains at the window. The wallpaper is textured with
gold filigree. The wooden floor and furniture has been
recently cleaned and waxed, and the room has a fresh,
clean smell. There is a desk at the rear of the room with
scattered papers and a journal.

Before the Dream
The leatherbound journal contains several entries. It is
written in the hand of Estor Arkelander, and it recounts
the history of the Ultros. Refer to Estor Arkelander and
the Curse in the Secrets and Myths appendix.





The Dream Begins
The ship now begins its journey to Mytros, but something strange is afoot. Refer to the Visions of the Past
section below to determine what happens next.





U5. The Thanes’ Quarters





During the Dream
The First Mate. In this cabin is the ghost of one of
Estor’s thanes, Skathon. Skathon is deep in the ethereal
plane most of the time. Anyone who enters the room
feels cold and is assaulted by strange feelings of anger
and guilt. Skathon appears before them, still in the
border ethereal (and thus immune to attack).
Read the following.







Before the Dream
The ornate box is attached to the floor and secured with
an arcane lock. It can be opened with a successful DC 25
Dexterity check using thieves' tools. If the arcane lock is
dispelled or suppressed with a knock spell, then the DC
is lowered to 15.
Treasure. Inside the box are 16 onyx gemstones. If
the gems are removed from the box, each transforms
into a specter after one round (see the During the
Dream section below for more details). The specters
immediately attack the hero who took them from the
box. The spectral onyxes have no value, as they are not
true gems. Any specters killed before the dream will not
be able to serve Metron later (see below).
During the Dream
The Navigator. The ghost of Metron the thane is in
here. One of the hammocks obviously sags more than
the others when the heroes enter and then, a round later,
Metron will fade into sight, though he will remain in
the border of the ethereal plane. He claims to be from
a lost undersea kingdom, but he’s forgotten its name.
He served as navigator aboard the Ultros, charting new
paths across Thylea’s oceans.
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

121

The Vengeful Spirits. Metron will tell the heroes that
the captain was a cruel man, one who was responsible
for untold thousands of deaths. Many of those unfortunate souls have traveled from the underworld in search
of vengeance, and Metron has sealed them away in a
box. He asks if the heroes would be kind enough to help
dispose of the troublesome spirits.
With a flick of his hand, the ornate box opens, and
vengeful spirits swarm out of it over the next four
rounds. Each spirit is a specter that attacks the heroes
relentlessly. The horrifying forms that they take do not
affect their statistics:

The storage deck is accessible via a stairway that
descends from the Thane’s Quarters (U5). The chests
and crates here are remarkably well preserved and
usable, but they are all empty.

VISIONS OF THE PAST

Once the heroes have spoken to the undead drummer
on the oar deck of the Ultros, they will begin their journey across the Cerulean Gulf towards Mytros.
On the first night of this voyage, the party becomes
trapped in a waking dream:


Specters in Metron's Box
Round

Number of Specters

1

Three

Armless gygan warriors

2

Four

Eyeless Amazon warriors

3

Four

Headless centaurs

4

Five

Gutted minotaurs

Spectral Form

If someone closes the box, then the specters will stop
appearing. Once the box has been closed or the specters
have been vanquished, Metron leaves the ethereal plane
and attempts to possess one of the heroes. He prefers a
hero with strong arms and legs for swimming.


U6. The Storage Hold




Stepping onto the hold, you’re struck by the number of
empty crates and boxes strewn about. Clearly this deck
once housed many stores for the ship.




You fall asleep to the gentle rocking of the ship and
the sound of waves lapping against the hull. Your sleep
takes you on a journey to a distant time, sailing on a
distant sea. The sky above is strange and otherworldly.
You stand on the deck of the Ultros, surrounded by
dozens of men and women with grim faces and ancient
weapons. You are part of the ship's crew, and you know
that you have served the captain in countless battles.
Standing at the prow of the ship is a tall man with
long, gray dreadlocks. His engraved bronze pauldrons
mark him as one of the legendary Dragonlords. This is
Estor Arkelander. He calls his entire crew to the deck.





The Ultros is sailing on a strange expanse of foggy, gray
ocean. All the doors on the ship are now unlocked, and
all rooms and their contents can be searched. The ghost
of Estor Arkelander now stands near the ship’s mast,
gazing out into the void. He has called upon the strange
magic of the ship to create this dream.




Estor speaks in a deep, rasping voice.
“I have summoned you here for a grave purpose.
Tomorrow I walk into the fires of Typhon and become
like a god. Thenceforth I shall be immortal, perhaps
even as powerful as Kentimane, the Hundred-Handed.
But I shall no longer call myself captain of this ship.
“It has been a great honor to fight alongside you in the
war against the Gygans. We have toppled their wretched
cities, and flooded the oceans with their blood. But now,
it is time for me to choose a worthy successor: a new
captain for the Ultros.
“I will choose the new captain from among my loyal
thanes. Each of you swore a blood oath to serve me. I
call upon you to swear that same oath upon the Ultros.
Only then will she follow your commands as she has
done mine.”

Estor
Arkelander



Estor identifies the heroes as his new thanes, and he
asks each of them to swear the following oath.







“I swear upon my life’s blood that I shall captain the
Ultros with honor. Even should we sail into the maw of
the Nether Sea, my fate shall be bound to hers.”


Estor's curse prevents him from taking possession of a
hero without their consent. This bargain is a trap and, if
anyone accepts his offer, Estor immediately takes possession of that hero for the next hour.



Players may excuse themselves from consideration
to be captain if they want to avoid swearing the oath.
However, the Ultros will only heed the commands of
heroes who have sworn the oath.

Estor's Bargain
Accepting the bargain means that the hero’s personality
immediately changes: they become dangerously cruel
and obsessed with achieving immortality, and their
alignment shifts to neutral evil. Estor speaks constantly
in their mind, always encouraging the pursuit of power at
any cost. His goal is to wear down the hero’s willpower
so that he can eventually take permanent control. Once
per day, Estor’s spirit can take control of the hero for one
round without a chance to save.
Eventually, Estor's control over the hero may become
permanent (which forces the character to retire as an
NPC), but this should only happen if the player's behavior
has become too disruptive to the rest of the party.

Quest: The Traitorous Thanes
After oaths are sworn, Estor announces that there are
three traitors among his crew. He tasks the heroes with
finding the traitorous ghosts and destroying them.
He refuses to release the heroes from the dream until
this has been accomplished. He explains that whoever
performs most admirably will take his place as the new
captain of the ship.
Estor's Deception. Estor does not plan to relinquish
control of the ship. Rather than choosing a successor, he
hopes to possess the body of the hero who proves to be
the strongest during the following trial.

If no one accepts Estor’s bargain, then he is confined
to the captain’s quarters, and he becomes absolutely
furious at the party. Anyone who swore the oath to the
ship may command it. One hero should be elected or
chosen to serve as the ship’s captain.

The Traitorous Thanes
Estor Arkelander was originally served by three traitorous thanes, Davos, Metron, and Skathon, and they
now haunt the Ultros as ghosts. The three ghosts will
appear in different sections of the Ultros.

RETURN TO MYTROS

The ship returns to Mytros, where the heroes are
received by a crowd of onlookers. News of the arrival of
the Ultros has spread through the city like wildfire. The
king and queen have also come to meet the heroes.

• Davos, the Quartermaster. He is a dwarven ghost
who can be found on the top deck (U1).

• Metron, the Navigator. He is a lazy ghost who can be
found in the thane’s quarters (U5).

• Skathon, the First Mate. He is a powerful warrior



When you arrive back in Mytros, Queen Vallus is waiting for you at the docks, accompanied by her retinue.
But before she can greet you, a silver dragon descends
from the heavens toward the Ultros. It passes overhead
and lands on the docks ahead. King Acastus slides off
of the back of the dragon to stand gracefully beside it.
“You are great warriors indeed, to have taken command of my ancestor’s ship... but the Ultros is a relic
from bygone days. To stand up to the power of the
Titans, we will need dragons—not ancient ships.”

who can be found in the captain’s cabin (U4).

The Traitors are Destroyed
When the ghost of the last traitorous thane has been
destroyed, the fog surrounding the Ultros lifts, and the
heroes awaken from the dream. Any heroes who were
killed during the dream wake with two levels of exhaustion, but they are otherwise fine.
The New Captain
The ghost of Estor Arkelander awaits the heroes in the
captain’s quarters. He is now satisfied that the heroes
are stronger than his previous thanes. He chooses the
hero who performed most admirably during the trial
and appoints them captain. If they refuse the bargain, he
grumpily offers it to someone else.




“You have all proven yourselves worthy to command
this ship. But one of you in particular has shown that
you are worthy to be captain. I offer you the honor of
being my successor. You will know power beyond anything you could possibly imagine. Do you accept?”










King Acastus has come to upstage the party. He is
secretly furious that the heroes were not killed by the
ghost of his ancestor. He coldly congratulates them on
their success and introduces his splendid dragon, Icarus.
He emphasizes that the Ultros is an ancient relic—hardly
as impressive as his dragons.
Queen Vallus brushes her husband aside and proclaims that the city of Mytros needs the heroes now
more than ever. She frowns and wonders how the Ultros
made it to Mytros with no crew. It appears that all of the
specters that haunted the ship have vanished.
Ch apter 3 | Summoned by the King

123

Chapter 4:

Voyage of the Ultros
"The merchants of Mytros and Aresia
often make the trip across the Cerulean Gulf,
dangerous though it may be. But to sail into the
Forgotten Sea for any reason is to go willingly into
the jaws of death."

N

The King and Queen


—Telorian, dockmaster of Mytros

ow that the heroes have recovered
the Ultros, they must spend some time
preparing for their journey. This time may be
spent in any of the following ways:

• Resting at one of the city's inns.
• Seeking the services of the temples.
• Purchasing provisions and sacrificial animals.
• Purchasing wine for the ship’s consecration.

THE EMBARKATION

As soon as the heroes arrive back in Mytros, Kyrah
will urge them to set sail as soon as possible. Time is of
the essence, and King Acastus may be plotting against
the party. He hates that the party's fame is beginning
to eclipse his own, and he wants them gone as soon as
possible. It would be wise to move on quickly.
124

Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros



Word of your imminent departure has spread quickly:
the provisioning of your legendary ship did not go
unnoticed. A sizable crowd of onlookers has gathered
to see you off, and two figures of note have also come
to speak with you: the king and queen of the city.
King Acastus is mounted on the back of his silver
dragon, watching you with narrowed eyes. "I wish you
well on your journey. Take care that you do not invite
new troubles upon my city.” With that, the king spurs
his dragon and flies away toward the palace.
Queen Vallus arrives in her chariot. She climbs down
and glides toward you with divine poise, while her attendants run before her, laying several baskets at your feet.
“Heroes of the Prophecy, I bring you gifts from the people
of Mytros. And I have come to give you my blessing. But
I must speak with you privately before you embark.”


Gifts from Citizens
Vallus has brought many gifts from the people of
Mytros. These include four goats and two white cows
from some of Mytros’s most respected farmers; a quiver



Legendary Crew

of ten +1 arrows from the city's centurions; and six
potions of healing, four potions of climbing, and four
potions of resistance from the Academy.

Vallus tells the heroes that she sent out a call for
those who would be willing to travel on the Ultros,
and many have responded. She introduces them to
the heroes:

The Antikythera
The greatest gift that Vallus gives to the heroes is the
Antikythera. This is a legendary magical device that will
allow the heroes to navigate through the islands of the
Cerulean Gulf and the Forgotten Sea.




The Goddess of Wisdom hands you a strange device.
“As you know, the Cerulean Gulf and the Forgotten
Sea are vast and harbor many dangers. Some of your
destinations may even vanish and shift by the workings of capricious primal powers. The Antikythera is a
cunning device. It utilizes both magic and mechanical
ingenuity to chart a safe path across the oceans.”
“Every island is attuned with a particular constellation in the night sky. By selecting a constellation on the
device, you may chart a course to its associated island.
“Unfortunately, it seems that someone has stolen
a gear from the device. Until the gear is replaced, you
will not be able to navigate into the Forgotten Sea.
“I suspect that the Order of Sydon is responsible for
this theft—in which case, Gaius almost certainly has
the piece. He departed yesterday for the Order’s headquarters on the island of Yonder.”


Pythor, God of Battle
Pythor has abdicated his throne in Estoria and handed
power to his daughter Anora, so that he can join the
heroes on their voyage. Despite his desire to help them
in their quest, he has been drinking non-stop and is
quite obviously hung over.
Versi, the Oracle
Versi has decided to defy her father and help the heroes
on their quest. She has witnessed dark futures in her
visions, and she will do anything to prevent these
coming true. She also wishes to continue doting on her
beautiful pet mortals—her 'Chosen Ones.'
Epic Paths: Versi's Vision


Epic Paths: The Wisdom of Vallus
Vallus has special advice to offer both the Gifted One and
the Lost One before they set sail in the Ultros. Refer to
the Running the Epic Paths section for details.

The Antikythera

Kyrah, Goddess of Music
Kyrah expresses her desire to continue traveling with
the heroes, in order to record their epic journey for
posterity. She will be gently amused if the heroes hadn’t
realized her identity before this point.

Versi is particularly possessive of the Vanished One and
cannot bear the thought of being parted from them. She
has also had a vision concerning the location of a dragon
egg that the Vanished One might claim. Refer to the
Running the Epic Paths section for details.

Loreus, the Satyr
Loreus will step forward if the heroes previously met
him at the Mossy Temple. He has been following the
heroes’ exploits and wants to be a part of their quest.
He will present one hero (the one that he loves) with a
garland of white flowers, and pledge himself to him or
her with an oath of protection.
The Ghost of Estor
The ghost of Estor Arkelander still haunts the ship at
night. Once the journey is underway, he may appear
from time to time to offer bitter advice to the heroes.
Epic Paths: Estor's Bargain
If the Lost One is aboard the ship, Estor will eventually reveal the location of the lost treasure of the
Dragonlords. Refer to the Running the Epic Paths section
for details.

Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros

125

When you cross the oceans wit h

an army, surrounded
on all sides by deat h, wit h no end
to your journey in
sight, you soon learn the value of
loyalty.
—Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (63

Additional Crew
The heroes may have befriended the minotaur, Bullbug,
or made a deal with Moxena, the Lady of Coins. If so,
then they will be ready to join as crew members.
Roleplaying the Crew
The NPC crew of the Ultros are not additional party
members. They generally remain on the ship. Between
islands, the NPCs provide roleplaying opportunities
and information. They can teach about the history of
Thylea, or describe the constellations associated with
each island.
For certain adventures, it might make sense to have an
NPC tag along. For example, Moxena wishes to accompany the heroes on to the island of Themis. If the heroes
are wiped out in a combat encounter, several NPCs might
band together and rescue them.

The Dragon Egg
Before the heroes set sail Vallus speaks privately with
Kyrah, her sister. She gives Kyrah a locked bronze casket,
carved with protective magical runes.
The contents of this casket should remain secret until
Kyrah decides the heroes need to be told. It contains a
single dragon egg—the last of the eggs that Sydon gave
to Acastus. Vallus has entrusted this last dragon egg to
her sister, hoping to keep it out of the hands of any who
would use the egg for evil purposes.

Time is Running Out
Finally, Vallus warns the heroes that the Oath of Peace
is truly coming to an end. The five-hundred year-old
oath will remain in effect for another sixty days, but no
longer. After that, the Titans will be free to wage war
upon the mortals of Thylea once more. It’s impossible
to say what will happen after that, so the heroes must
make haste:
Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros



“You have but two short months before the Oath of
Peace comes to an end: sixty days to confront Sydon in
his tower at Praxys, and Lutheria on her throne in the
Nether Sea. If you cannot renew the Oath of Peace in
that time, then I fear to think of what will befall this
city. The armies of the Titans will slaughter the people
of Mytros and soak the land in blood.”
“The Titans are weaker now than they were in the
First War. You would be wise to gather what power
you can on your journey. With the right weapons and
knowledge, perhaps you could even challenge the
Titans directly, and destroy them for good.”

CE)

100 intrepid sailors
One hundred brave Mytrosians and Estorians (CG
pirates), fiercely loyal men and women, have volunteered to join the heroes. They may not be demi-gods,
or even great warriors—but they are honest and true.
Fifty of them at least will be needed to row the ship.

126







You will need to keep track of how much time passes
during the voyage of the Ultros. Traveling between
islands usually takes 3 days, and the players may spend
any number of days on each island.
When the 60 days have passed, the Oath of Peace will
end, and the Titans will make their move. At that point,
refer to the Battle of Mytros chapter to determine what
happens next.

Departing Mytros
Once the heroes have finished making their preparations, they can board the ship and set sail into the
Cerulean Gulf.
The First Constellation
From the mainland, the Antikythera can be used to
navigate to any of the islands in the Cerulean Gulf. The
heroes should choose one of the first 9 constellations
and calibrate the Anitkythera for their destination.
It's not immediately clear which constellations
lead to which islands, so it may require the heroes to
guess. However, there are a few well-known islands
that the sailors are familiar with and can identify the
constellation that is associated with it. Some player
backgrounds are also familiar with certain islands
and should be able to identify the constellation that
is associated with that island. Refer to the Table of
Constellations for details.
Islands of Thylea
1. Yonder
2. Fire Island
3. The Golden Heart
4. Chimera Island
5. Island of the Fates
6. Island of the Exiles
7. Island of the Scorpion
8. Indigo Island
9. Themis

10. Titan's Folly
11. Island of the Dragon
12. Aerie of the Roc
13. Typhon
14. Garden of Helios
15. Island of Time
16. Tower of Praxys
17. Charybdis

Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros

127

128

Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros







As you raise the sail of the Ultros and begin to leave the
harbor of Mytros, you are saluted by a roar of excited
cheers from the gathered crowd. From the docks,
admirers attempt to throw flowers and small trinkets
onto the deck of your ship, all tokens of good luck.
As you sail past the Colossus of Pythor and onward
towards the horizon, a gentle breeze carries the sound
of music from the city as songs of great deeds are sung
and heartfelt prayers for the Heroes of the Prophecy
are chanted. Your voyage has begun.


Hail to the Oracle's Chosen Ones!
As the keeper of the Dragon Shrine, I have a favor
to ask of you. Many believe that all the dragons of
Balmytria's brood were killed alongside her in the First
War, five hundred years ago. However, my research
indicates that the other four dragons may have been
captured by the Titans. If this is true, then they must be
found and rescued.
I beg you to be watchful on your journey. As the
Oracle's chosen few, I believe that these dragons would
serve you, so long as you hold to the ideals of their former
masters. May the Fates guide you,



The Letter from Estoria
Aesop, the keeper of the Dragon Shrine (E7), has sent a
siren messenger from Estoria. Within the first week of
the party's departure, a siren lands on the deck of the
Ultros and delivers a letter which reads:



—Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine




Navigating the Oceans
The Cerulean Gulf and the Forgotten Sea are the
domains of Sydon, Lord of Storms. He churns the
oceans with his magic, making the waters treacherous
for mortal sailors. Magical means are required to navigate these vast bodies of water.
Powerful ocean currents prevent ships from
approaching the islands without knowing their exact
whereabouts. This is why most merchant ships remain
close to the coast. The only way to successfully navigate
the oceans is to use the magical compass that Vallus
gave to the party: the Antikythera.

The Antikythera
This enchanted machine is a complex construct that
serves as a magical compass. It attunes itself to the constellations in the night sky in order to provide accurate
directions to the islands scattered around Thylea.
Choosing Destinations. The Antikythera must be
used on dry land to determine a destination, as the
constant movement of the ocean makes it impossible to
calibrate the device properly. Every island is associated
with a specific constellation. When the Antikythera is
calibrated to the proper constellation, it will show the
precise path that can be used to reach the island associated with that constellation.
Missing Gearwheel
There is a gear missing from the Antikythera that can
be found in the Great Library (Y17) on the Island of
Yonder. When this gear has been returned to the device,
the islands in the Forgotten Sea will become available.

Travel Times and Encounters
The winds and waters of Thylea are strange and unpredictable. Once the party chooses a destination with the
Antikythera, it takes 3 days of sailing to get there. The
standard travel time between any two islands is always
3 days, no matter how close they appear on the map.
Returning to the mainland also requires 3 days.
Faster Travel
Travel times can be shortened by one day through by
using a control weather spell, or by sacrificing 100 gp
worth of livestock to Sydon to ensure strong, favorable
winds. Gust of wind can also be used for this purpose,
but the caster must maintain the spell for an entire day
and this causes one level of exhaustion. Travel times
cannot be reduced to less than 2 days.
Fifty Oarsmen
The Ultros requires at least fifty oarsmen to move at its
normal pace. If the crew roster of the ship falls below
fifty oarsmen, then the travel time between landmasses
is increased by one day.
Sea Encounters
Each time the party sets sail for a new island, roll on the
random sea encounter table in the Encounters appendix. Once an encounter has been resolved, the heroes
should have smooth sailing until they arrive at the next
island. Sea encounters should not be repeated.

Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros

129

Commanding the Ultros
You should give your players printed maps of the upper
and lower decks of the Ultros for reference.

attacked by something truly terrifying, the ballista may
require one of the heroes to be amongst the crew in
order to keep the other sailors from fleeing.

Ultros Statistics
The Ultros has the following statistics.

Ballistae
Ballista Bolt. Ranged Weapon Attack: +6 to hit (+7 if one
of the heroes is manning the ballista), range 120/480 ft.,
one target. Hit: 16 (3d10) piercing damage.

The Ultros
Legendary trireme

Speed 5 mph
Crew Capacity 100 souls
Cargo Capacity 150 tons

Armor Class 16
Hit Points 1,000
Damage Threshold 20

Equipment: Four Ballistae
The ship features two ballistae on its fore and two on its
aft. Firing a ballita requires three actions; one action to
load, one action to aim, and one action to fire.
Since the ballistae are operated by three crew members, they can be fired once per turn. If the ship is being

Equipment: Two Row Boats
These have the following statistics:

Row Boat
Ultros equipment

Speed 2 mph
Crew Capacity 8 souls
Cargo Capacity 1 ton

Armor Class 11
Hit Points 100
Damage Threshold —

The Constellations
There are seventeen major constellations that are visible
on most clear nights in Thylea. Each of these constellations serves as a guide to one of the islands in the
Cerulean Gulf and the Forgotten Sea.



Stories of the Stars
Every island has narration text that describes its associated constellation. Whenever the heroes choose one of
the constellations with the Antikythera, Kyrah delivers
the appropriate narration. If Kyrah is not present, then
the narration should come from another character who
is familiar with Thylean lore.

Gears of the Antikythera
Each of the constellations has an associated numeral on
the Antikythera. To navigate using a constellation, one of
the heroes must calibrate the device and align its gears
to the appropriate numeral.

Table of Constellations
Use the table on the following page to determine which
constellations are associated with each island.

0. Constellation of the Bear
This constellation leads to the mainland of Thylea. On
clear nights it is always visible.


130

Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros



“See the Great Bear? She is always there in the sky,
hunting to feed her cubs. Unlike the other stars, she
never touches the ocean.
“At the dawn of time, the Titans created many
birds and beasts to live in the lands of Thylea but all
the waters of the oceans remained empty. Only the
Great Bear swam in the rivers and lakes. The Mother
Goddess came to her and said, ‘Great Bear, you are
the wisest of the land-walkers, so I will grant you a
boon. I will fill the oceans with creatures, strange
and colorful, and you will have dominion over them.
Would this please you?’
“The Great Bear was quiet for some time until the
Goddess prompted her to speak. Finally, the Bear said,
‘Mother Goddess, I am humbled by your generosity.
The creatures you speak of sound marvelous, but I
love the lands and rivers and lakes too much to leave
them for the seas.’
“The Mother Goddess understood. She smiled, and
with a wave of her hands, all the rivers and lakes of
Thylea were filled with glittering fish, so that the Great
Bear would never want for food. To this day, she loves
to swim the rivers, catching fish. But she has never
touched the ocean.”


Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros

131

Constellations and Destinations
Chosen Destination

Requires Constellation of…

Region

Requires missing gear?

Island is familiar to…

Mainland

0. The Bear

—

—

—

Island of Yonder

I. The Gygan

Cerulean Gulf

No

—

Fire Island

II. The Prisoner

Cerulean Gulf

No

Sailors

The Golden Heart

III. The Heart

Cerulean Gulf

No

—

Chimera Island

IV. The Trickster

Cerulean Gulf

No

Sailors

Island of the Fates

V. The Bard

Cerulean Gulf

No

—

Island of the Exiles

VI. The Warrior

Cerulean Gulf

No

—

Scorpion Island

VII. The Centaur

Cerulean Gulf

No

Monk class

Indigo Island

VIII. The Queen

Cerulean Gulf

No

Barbarian class

Island of Themis

IX. The Twins

Cerulean Gulf

No

Barbarian class, Moxena

Titan’s Folly

X. The Ant

Cerulean Gulf

No

—

Island of the Dragon

XI. The Dragon

Forgotten Sea

Yes

—

Aerie of the Roc

XII. The Nymph

Forgotten Sea

Yes

—

Typhon

XIII. The Spear

Forgotten Sea

Yes

—

Garden of Helios

XIV. The Chariot

Forgotten Sea

Yes

—

Island of Time

XV. The Blacksmith

Forgotten Sea

Yes

—

Praxys

XVI. The Titan

Forgotten Sea

Yes

—

Charybdis

XVII. The Dreamer

Forgotten Sea

Yes

—

I. Constellation of The Gygan

II. Constellation of
The Prisoner

This constellation leads to the Island of Yonder in the
Cerulean Gulf.




“In the stars to the east you can see the figure of a sixarmed, one-eyed giant: the Gygan.
“When the Dragonlords first arrived, there was much
strife between the newcomers and the native races
of Thylea. Blood was spilled, but none reveled in the
slaughter of warfare as much as Estor Arkelander, who
was the general of the Dragonlord armies. In one brutal
battle, he wiped out every gygan warrior to the last.
“After the massacre, the children of the gygans
prayed to Sydon and Lutheria for protection. Moved
by their plight, the great Titans rallied the centaurs,
the nymphs, all the native races. They attacked the
settlements of the Dragonlords across the islands in
retaliation for Estor Arkelander’s crimes. The First War
had begun.”


This constellation leads to Fire Island in the
Cerulean Gulf.




“Chalcia, the Goddess of Swiftness, was the only
god to escape when her siblings, Sydon and Lutheria,
decided to destroy their brothers and sisters. She
escaped to an island of fire, pursued by Sydon’s storm
of wrath. She hid deep in the island and waited for
the storm to abate. You can see her cowering in those
seven bright stars.
“But Sydon and Lutheria did not leave. Instead, the
Twins reached deep into the roots of the island, shifting rock and stone to trap their sister in a tiny chamber
at the island’s fiery heart. Look! You can see the red
star beneath Chalcia. It represents the everlasting torment she suffers, trapped at the island’s center.”





III. Constellation of The Heart

V. Constellation of The Bard

This constellation leads to The Golden Heart in the
Cerulean Gulf.

This constellation leads to the Island of the Fates in the
Cerulean Gulf.







“The brightest star in the night sky is called the Golden
Heart. You can see it high above us on any clear night.
It represents the tree that sprang up when Thylea, the
Great Mother, sacrificed herself to create our land. If
you look closely, you can see a cluster of fainter stars
scattered around the Golden Heart; these represent all
the islands that sprung up from her roots.
“And if you look slightly to the west, you’ll notice a
single red star watching over the Golden Heart and the
islands: Kentimane, Thylea’s husband, who honors his
vow to protect his lover with an endless vigil.”




IV. Constellation of
The Trickster
This constellation leads to the Island of the Chimera in
the Cerulean Gulf.




“See those stars that are shaped like a flower? That's
the constellation of the Trickster. There once was
a nobleman who took great pride in the vast rose
gardens that bloomed on his estate. Eventually, these
roses attracted the attention of the great trickster
goddess, whose name has been forgotten.
“The goddess admired the nobleman’s beautiful
flowers, but she mocked his boasts: it was his servants
who deserved the credit, for they tended his gardens.
So the nobleman made the goddess a wager—if he
could grow a field of red roses without the aid of his
servants, then she must agree to marry him.
“She agreed, and for a year the nobleman tended
a plot in his garden with his own two hands: planting
the seeds, cultivating the soil, watering and weeding
every day. It was humbling, back-breaking work for the
vain nobleman, but the seeds eventually took root and
grew. But when the bushes finally flowered, the petals
were not red, but white—the goddess had switched
the seeds to teach the braggart a lesson!”




“During the First War, Pellenia, a famous bard, was captured by Lutheria, the Goddess of Dreams and Death.
Terrified as to her fate, Pellenia sang songs of dark
humor that made light of the First War’s atrocities,
won Lutheria over, and so won her freedom.
“But as she departed, Pellenia grew overbold and
tried to steal Lutheria’s treasures. She was captured
again and taken to the Island of Oathbreakers. There,
Lutheria made her an offer: if Pellenia could make her
laugh with one last song, then all would be forgiven.
Before Pellenia could take up her lute, Lutheria reached
out with her claws and ripped out the bard’s tongue,
forever silencing her beautiful voice.
“The five stars in the constellation of the Bard
remind us of Pellenia’s tale. The two brightest are the
singer herself; the next two symbolize her lute; the
small, flickering star between them all is her severed
tongue.”




VI. Constellation of The Warrior
This constellation leads to the Island of the Exiles in
the Cerulean Gulf.




“You see that cluster of stars to the south? That’s the
Warrior, which the people of Mytros call ‘Pythor, the
God of Conquest.’ In this case, his conquests came in
the bedroom rather than the battlefield. One night, he
is said to have entertained five beautiful sisters, one
after the other—and then all of them at once!
“Tales of this legendary deed reached the ears of the
green dragon Hexia, a former lover that Pythor had
abandoned. Fueled by her jealousy, Hexia captured the
sisters, turned them to stone, and placed the statues
on her island as a warning of what would happen to
any of Pythor’s future conquests.
“Each of the stars is one of the sisters, a reminder
of Hexia's jealousy. Even so, Pythor still seeks out new
romantic conquests. Perhaps he seeks to add new stars
to his constellation.”







VII. Constellation of
The Centaur

IX. Constellation of The Twins
This constellation leads to the Island of Themis in the
Cerulean Gulf.

This constellation leads to Scorpion Island in the
Cerulean Gulf.




“These two groups of stars are sometimes called the
Centaur and the Scorpion, after a very old tale.
“A centaur came across a scorpion stuck in a puddle
of mud. The scorpion begged for help, but the centaur
was afraid of getting stung, and so he trotted away and
left her to die.
“A gust of wind blew a branch into the puddle, and
the scorpion was able to scramble along it and escape.
She then followed the centaur’s hoof prints, seeking
revenge on the selfish beast that had refused to help
her. She found the centaur sleeping in a shady glen and
stung him in the throat.
“As the lethal venom coursed through his veins, the
centaur thrashed about until one of his hooves landed
on the scorpion, crushing her. ‘If you hadn’t sought
revenge, we’d both be alive!’ the centaur lamented with
his dying breath. ‘If you had helped me, I wouldn’t have
sought revenge!’ the scorpion replied.”








VIII. Constellation of The Queen
This constellation leads to Indigo Island in the
Cerulean Gulf.


X. Constellation of The Ant
This constellation leads to Titan’s Folly in the
Cerulean Gulf.




Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros







“If you use your imagination, you can see how
the stars of Titan's Folly resemble an ant. This is a
reminder of the punishment of Talieus, first-born
child of Thylea and Kentimane. Talieus was the God
of Crafting, vain and prideful. In the end, hubris—
overwhelming pride—was his downfall. He created
something which has been lost to time, something
that cannot be named.
“For this terrible crime, Kentimane stripped his
eldest son of all his power and gave it to his brother
Sydon, while Talieus himself was enslaved by his
sister Lutheria. She severed his arms, blinded him,
and sewed his lips shut. She forced him to pull her
throne across the endless waters of the Nether Sea,
with a great chain wrapped around his neck. He toiled
endlessly, blindly, for the benefit of his queen, just like
an ant…”



“That circle of stars? It’s the constellation of the
Queen, Mytros, the Goddess of Dawn. Some say
those stars form a crown, signifying her status as
Queen of the Five Gods. Others believe the stars
represent the walls of a fortress, or the outline of a
shield, for Mytros protects us from the ravages of the
Titans.
“It was said she first appeared to the original settlers
in their hour of need as a pale woman with kind eyes
and silver hair. Soft-spoken, kind-hearted, she fought
valiantly to protect them during the founding of the
great city that proudly bears her name. She heralded
the dawn of civilization on these shores, and that is
why she is the Goddess of Dawn.
“But it has been many centuries since anyone other
than her priests have seen her. Though she is silent, she
has not abandoned us. She watches over us still, and
that is what the stars truly signify: not a crown, or a
shield, but the eternal vigil of the silent goddess.”

134



“The two stars directly above us are the Twins, named
for Sydon and Lutheria. One day, the Great Tree (from
which all Thylea was born) blossomed with seven shimmering fruits. Seeing this luscious bounty, Kentimane
reached from the ocean and devoured the fruit, casting
the spike-covered pits aside.
“The pits floated on the water, taunting Kentimane.
In his anger, he smashed them to the bottom of the
sea, pricking his hands on the thorns and leaving a
wash of blood in the waves. The next morning the
seven pits floated back to the surface and split open,
and the Titans, the children of Kentimane and Thylea,
burst forth, fully formed.
“But one of the seven pits gave birth to a pair
of Titans, Sydon and Lutheria. The youngest of
Kentimane’s children, they would eventually overthrow
their siblings and conquer all of Thylea in their lust for
power.”





XI. Constellation of The Dragon
This constellation leads to the Island of the Dragon in
the Forgotten Sea.




“The greatest constellation in the night sky is the group
of bright stars called the Dragon.
“In the beginning, this land was populated only by
the fey creatures: nymphs, centaurs, gygans, and satyrs.
The first of the civilized races to arrive on Thylea’s
shores were refugees and castaways, survivors of ships
buffeted by the storms and whirlpools that protect
these islands. They carved out a meager existence,
living in tiny villages on the coast while the children of
the Titans dominated the rest of the realm.
“But then everything changed. The Dragonlords,
astride their legendary winged mounts, discovered this
land. With the power of the dragons, the native races
were pushed back into the forests and steppes, and
Thylea was claimed for the mortal settlers.
“The constellation of the Dragon is a tribute to the
victories of the Dragonlords, and a reminder that we
are living in Thylea’s Golden Age.”




XII. Constellation of The Nymph
This constellation leads to the Aerie of the Roc in the
Forgotten Sea.




“See those stars that look like a tree? That’s the
Nymph, and her story is tragic. While out on a hunt,
King Lacanus of Pythoria stumbled upon a small grove
with a single silver tree growing in the center. There he
found the most beautiful creature he had ever seen—a
dryad with silver eyes. He instantly fell in love.
“The dryad was smitten with Lacanus as well, and
she agreed to marry him, even though it meant leaving
her birth tree behind. But on the long journey to his
palace, she grew feverish and ill. Within a week, she
withered and died.
“Heartbroken, Lacanus ordered his soldiers to chop
down the silver tree so it could be used to build a
suitable coffin. As the first axe struck its trunk, Lacanus
screamed out in pain and fell dead. By marrying the
dryad, he had bound his spirit to her birth tree—and so
by felling the tree, he joined his wife in death.”


XIII. Constellation of The Spear
This constellation leads to Typhon in the Forgotten Sea.




“In the western sky at dusk you can see the Spear of
Sydon. It reminds me of the tale of Galimus, a soldier
who broke his oath to serve the King of Estoria.
“Galimus was a lazy, brutish coward who preyed
upon the weak. Recognizing this, his officers banished
him from the army. Bitter and resentful, Galimus
prayed to Sydon. If the Lord of Storms would transform
him into the greatest warrior in Thylea, then he would
kill the very king that he had vowed to serve.
“In answer to his prayer, Galimus was transformed
into a powerful minotaur. Reckless with power, he
rampaged throughout the king’s palace, trampling and
killing all who crossed his path. Eventually the king
rallied his men against the monster. They stabbed him
a thousand times with their spears until he lay dead.
“Because of Galimus, the people of Estoria and
Mytros regard minotaurs as untrustworthy brutes, even
to this day—but Galimus was a monster long before he
became a minotaur.”







Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros

135

XIV. Constellation of
The Chariot

XVI. Constellation of The Titan
This constellation leads to Praxys, the Tower of Sydon
in the Forgotten Sea.

This constellation leads to the Garden of Helios in the
Forgotten Sea.




“Look at those stars, scattered across the zenith of
the sky. That’s the constellation of the Chariot, which
represents Vallus, the Goddess of Wisdom.
“There was once a young priest who travelled all
the lands of Thylea, seeking out tomes and texts to
bring back to the great library in the Temple of the
Five in the city of Mytros. He spent decades on his
quest until, on one of his journeys, he met a beautiful
sorceress.
“The sorceress made him an offer: marry her, and
she would use her power to summon every book ever
written onto the shelves of his library. The young man
refused her. The journey to obtain knowledge, he said,
was just as important as the knowledge itself.
“The sorceress revealed herself as Vallus. She placed
her hands upon the priest’s eyes, and forever afterwards, he could read books in every language—even
those long forgotten. This was a most beautiful gift
from the goddess to her most loyal servant.”






XVII. Constellation of
The Dreamer



This constellation leads to the Island of Time in the
Forgotten Sea.

136

Ch apter 4 | Voyage of the Ultros







“That black patch of sky... don’t stare at it for too long.
“There was once a beautiful wheel of stars there,
but they were swallowed by the ravening mouth of
the Dreamer. You can see her just below, cresting the
horizon. She sleepwalks through all the sky, harvesting
the other stars one by one, in preparation for the Great
Feast at the end of time.
“There have always been two kinds of sailors in
Thylea. Some who grow old and wise, and some who
sail toward the Dreamer. I would not advise going that
way, unless we have no other choice.”



“Look! The Blacksmith. It represents Volkan, the God
of the Forge. See how the constellation is shaped like a
hammer? There’s a legend that tells of an old blacksmith
who, in his prime, had been the master of his craft. In all
his long years, he never found a worthy apprentice and,
fearing all his knowledge and expertise would be lost,
he prayed to Volkan for help.
“The God of the Forge took pity on the old man,
and in his own forge he created a golem, a lifeless
figure of iron that would follow the old smith’s every
command perfectly. Volkan then transferred the spirit
of the smith into the empty golem, and whisked it
away to his secret workshop beneath the mountains
of Thylea.
“They say the old smith works there still, whistling
and hammering away, joyfully crafting tributes to the
Forge God, his skills untarnished by time.”




This constellation leads to the great whirlpool of
Charybdis in the Forgotten Sea.

XV. Constellation of
The Blacksmith





“That line of stars to the west is called the Tower of
Praxys. This constellation brings to mind the Titan
Hergeron, and his unfortunate fate. Once the Lord
of Battle, Hergeron challenged Sydon, the Lord of
Storms, to a duel. Sydon had stolen his power from
their eldest brother Talieus, and Hergeron sought
revenge.
“But though Hergeron was unmatched in strength
and valor, he had no mind for strategy. He greatly
underestimated his younger sibling's newfound
strength, and Sydon dealt him a crushing defeat.
“As punishment for his failure, Hergeron was cast
down and imprisoned in the foundations of Sydon’s
newly-erected stronghold—the Tower of Praxys.
Hergeron carries the full weight of the tower on
his shoulders, and he will continue to do so for all
eternity.”





Chapter 5:

The Cerulean Gulf
"The beauty of Thylea is easy to appreciate
from the vantage of a ship deck. Speckled white
shores and crystal clear water as far as the eye can
see... it's almost enough to make this bitter old sailor
nostalgic for his glory days."

T

—Estor Arkelander, Dragonlord captain

he Cerulean Gulf is home to ten major
islands that the heroes may explore. Only one
of these islands has a critical objective that
is necessary to advance the plot: the missing
gear to the Antikythera. The other islands offer chances
for additional treasure and the opportunity to complete
various heroic tasks for the party's epic paths.

Running the Adventure
The party should probably spend a maximum of about
one month exploring the Cerulean Gulf, remembering
that it takes 2-3 days to sail between islands.
Before the heroes can sail into the Forgotten Sea,
they will need to recover the missing gear from the
Antikythera. The missing gear is in the possession of
Chondrus on the Island of Yonder (Y17).

Encounters Between Islands
Don't forget to make things interesting in the time
between the islands. Refer to the Sea Encounters section
of the appendix for ideas. Try to balance the party's time
between roleplaying and combat.
You should also run the Lord of Storms and the
Corruption of Lutheria events at some point during this
part of the adventure. Refer to Playing the Villains in the
Introduction chapter for details.

Making Landfall
When the heroes arrive at an island, they can put down
anchor—or beach their ship at a safe spot on shore.
Some islands don’t have anywhere to beach a ship, while
other islands don’t have suitable anchorages. If the text
doesn't specify either, then you may allow your players
to leave the ship wherever you feel is appropriate.

Island Handouts
Illustrated maps are provided for many of the islands in
this region. These maps are intended to be handed out
to players when they reach the islands. The maps give a
sense of the geography of the island—they don't reveal
any information that needs to be kept hidden.

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

137

The Golden Heart
Easy Hunting

Read the following as the heroes approach the island:




Your ship glides through the shallow waters of this paradise and you make landfall on its pristine white beach
without incident. The forests that stand before you are
crowded with immense oak trees. There is a noticeable lack of anything man made in sight. A small herd
of deer, curious and unafraid, make their way towards
your vessel from the forest’s edge.


Hunting the Golden Beasts
Anyone using the Wisdom (Survival) skill to hunt for food
has advantage on such checks. If the heroes decide that
they want to hunt some of the divine creatures on the
island, they may use their Survival skill to track them.
Survival rolls of 15+ reveal the tracks of a great boar.
Rolls of 20+ reveal the tracks of a golden lion and his
pride. Rolls of 25+ reveal the tracks of the golden ram.
Tracking one of these animals requires 1d4+1 hours, at
which point the tracker establishes line of sight.



This island has been legendary for as long as there have
been settlers in Thylea. Some of the Dragonlords landed
on this island and came back with stories of animals
that were almost divine in stature. These creatures were
more beautiful and noble than any others of their kind.
That didn’t stop the Dragonlords from hunting them:
one golden lion was caught and killed, and its hide was
used to make a fabulous magical cloak.
While such magnificent beasts have been found
on Thylea’s mainland, they have never been seen in
the numbers that are reputed to be on this island. For
centuries, sailors have sought out the island in hopes of
taking the hide of a divine beast and selling it for a king’s
ransom in Mytros.

Garden of the Mother Goddess




This island has unparalleled natural beauty. It appears
to be covered in dense forest, most of which are
ancient oak and fir trees that loom to great heights.
The dense forest is broken occasionally by clearings
covered in tall, golden grass. At the very center of the
island stands an enormous oak tree that towers more
than two hundred feet into the air.


The tree at the center of the island is the Heart of
Thylea. It is here that mortals and gods can speak with
the Mother Goddess, Thylea herself.
If someone is foolish enough to damage the tree, then
two Hands of Kentimane will erupt from the earth and
attack them. If the hands are defeated, then Kentimane
himself will appear and annihilate all trespassers.
Communing with Thylea. To commune with Thylea,
someone must place their hand on the bark of the tree.
If the goddess feels that the person is worthy, she will
answer a single question. This works the same way as
the divination spell.

138

Animals of all kinds are abundant on the island: tropical birds; large mammals such as deer, boar, sheep; and
smaller creatures such as rabbits, beavers, possums and
raccoons. Hunting is easy since none of the animals on
the island have learned to fear humans or humanoids.

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

Eternal Apples
The fruit trees on the island bear delicious apples that
remain eternally fresh until eaten. Eating one of these
apples has the same effect as a potion of healing.
If several barrels of apples are taken from the island,
all but one barrel (containing 20 apples) will immediately ferment into cider. While delicious, the cider has
no special healing effects.

Blessed Olive Oil
The olive trees here have been blessed by the Mother
Goddess. The olives may be harvested and pressed into
blessed olive oil. This process requires three heroes to
perform a full day of work on the island.

Encounter: The Pegasus






Somewhere in the sky above, you hear a horse’s
whinny. Glancing upward, you see a white-winged
creature gliding through the clouds. A flying horse—of
all things—gracefully alights on a tall rock and watches
you cautiously from a distance. You’ve heard stories of
this creature. It’s called a pegasus.




This pegasus is proud and pure of heart. It can only be
approached by good-aligned heroes. If anyone of an evil
alignment approaches the pegasus, it snorts contemptuously and flies away. Even a good-aligned character may
provoke this reaction if they have ever performed an evil
deed. In such a case, the character experiences a vision,
a demanding memory of their past evil deed, just as the
pegasus flies away.

If one hero proves worthy enough to approach the
pegasus, then it may be bonded to that hero with a
pegasus bridle. Such a bridle may be crafted at the
Mithral Forge. Once tamed, the pegasus will join the
heroes on the Ultros. Its favorite food is the perpetually
fresh eternal apples that can be collected on this island.

This chase serves the purpose of bringing the heroes
to the point where they can commune with Thylea, the
Mother Goddess. The golden ram knows that all worthy
heroes should be brought to this place.

Event: Hunted by Lions

Event: The Golden Ram
If the heroes explore the jungle, they will find no signs
of civilization. Within one hour of landfall, they will
encounter their first sign of one of the golden beasts—
the golden ram.
The ram runs from the party using its full movement
speed, making its way to the center of the island. It
climbs the hill where the great oak tree of Thylea stands.
Once it gets to the top, it uses its ability to fly to easily
outdistance pursuers and hide in the forest.

Within six hours of the heroes making landfall, a pride
of eight female lions led by a golden lion will begin to
hunt them. At first, the heroes will only hear the roar of
lions in the distance. Within a few minutes, anyone with
a passive Perception score of 15 or higher will notice
that they are being hunted.
The lions are good hunters, and they will wait to
pounce until the heroes are in a vulnerable position. For
example, they might attack just before the party gets
back to the Ultros. The lions have advantage on all of
their Dexterity (Stealth) checks.

Island of the Chimera




Your ship approaches a curved island that wraps
around a wide blue lagoon. A small, craggy mountain
marks the island’s high point. Despite the lagoon’s
calm waters, a number of abandoned ships dot the
shore. Most are intact, but some have obviously
begun to succumb to age and rot. No other signs of
civilization can be seen within the natural harbor of
the lagoon, only the hulks.
Suddenly, a winged monstrosity appears above the
island, flying in the direction of your ship. The creature
appears to have three ferocious-looking heads, each of
which is entirely different from the others.


that is now legendary among sailors. King Acastus has
offered a 1,000 gp bounty for the beast’s death.

Event: Attack of the Chimera



This island is the crater rim of an extinct volcano. It is
shaped like a crescent moon, and the interior lagoon has
beautiful, calm turquoise water. Anchor can be dropped
anywhere in the lagoon, and the ship can also be run
ashore on many of the beaches.
An unusually aggressive chimera (maximum HP) lives
on this island. It has preyed upon Thylean merchant
ships for nearly five decades, and has a treasure trove

When the heroes approach the island, the chimera will
fly down to attack. It will remain at a distance and use its
breath weapon. As soon as it is reduced to half of its hit
points, it will retreat, using its full move and taking the
Dodge action. It will return to its lair to lick its wounds
and return to full health.
The small island is a crescent with a small mountain
marking the center of the curved ridgeline. Near the top
of the mountain is the chimera’s cave lair. The cave is
filled with hundreds of bones, all that remains of sailors
that the monstrosity has taken over the years. The chimera will fight to the death in its lair.
Treasure
At the back of the cave is a pile of rotting crates, chests
and small boats mingled with thousands of copper, silver
and gold pieces. In total there are 11,000 cp, 7,600 sp
and 2,300 gp. There are 25 gems worth 100 gp each,
3 gem-studded necklaces worth 500 gp each, and 7 platinum rings worth 150 gp each.

Many stories are told of the islands in the Cerulean Gulf. Although the Forgotten Sea is more distant and
dangerous, the Gulf is often crossed by mortal sailors traveling between Mytros and Aresia. Shipwrecks are
common, as are sightings of mythical beasts, forgotten gods, and even dragons. Many of those who travel
into the heart of the sea are never seen again, and for this reason, mortal sailors customarily hug the
coastlines in their ships.

— Kyrah, Goddess of Music
139

Island of the Fates




The island before you is a bleak, rocky place. Wind
and rain batter your ship and the shore alike. Sparse
vegetation interrupts the monotony of the gray stone,
sea and overcast sky. Rocky cliffs surround almost the
entire coastline of the island, but there is a small bay
where landfall might be possible. Apart from the occasional call of a sea bird, the tumultuous waves are the
only sounds that reverberate through the area.


frogs, and toads live in the murky pools, while sea gulls
cry out ceaselessly from the cliffs.
A coven of hags make their lair in the cave system
at the center of the island. These hags are in fact the
ancient beings known throughout Thylea as the Fates.

KEY LOCATIONS
1. The Fetid Pond



This island is surrounded by rocky cliffs, which are
pitted by constant rain and wind. There is only one
small bay where a ship can make anchor.
The island is bleak. It features little more than rocks
and shallow ponds. The skies are always overcast, and
rainfall is almost constant. Plant life consists mostly of
moss and some stunted, twisted trees. Small lizards,

140

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf



At the center of the island is a pit with a narrow path
that winds down to the bottom. At the very bottom
of the pit is a fetid, shallow pond. Humanoid skeletons
reach out from the pond in several places. Around
the edge of the pond is a single large cave entrance,
flanked by three smaller tunnels.




The largest cave leads to the Lair of the Hags. This
entrance is guarded by a lamia who was once an
Amazon warrior. She bargained with the Fates long ago,
but she failed to fulfill her contract. As punishment, they
transformed her into a monster. She greets the heroes
stoically and guides them to the hags.
The Fates protect themselves through the services of
cursed mortals who have broken their contracts with the
coven. In addition to the lamia, the caves are watched
by two other monsters. All three of these servants are
vigilant and protect the Fates with their lives.

• A medusa, once a beautiful nymph named Irisa.
• A shambling mound, once an elven explorer.
The Hideous Fates
The Fates have lived on this island for millennia, and
they have always been willing to make dark deals with
those willing to pay their price. They have bargained
with great beings such as Sydon and Lutheria, but they
have also made deals with lesser powers such as nymphs
and even mortal heroes.
The coven is led by a night hag named Granny Morta.
The other two members of the coven are Morta's revolting daughters, Nona and Decima.

• Granny Morta (NE night hag) is doting and ribald.

She cheerfully snips at the hags' loom with a pair of
rusty scissors as she speaks, cackling frequently.
• Nona (CE green hag) is resentful and angry. She
drools as she watches visitors, clearly imagining how
they would taste between her wicked teeth.
• Decima (LE green hag) is dutiful and bashful. She
attends to her mother faithfully, and she flirts with the
heroes as she attends to the hags' loom.
Epic Paths: Consulting the Fates
Several of the Epic Paths need to consult with the Fates
in order to learn more about the events that forever
changed their lives: the Doomed One, the Haunted One,
and the Dragonslayer. The Doomed One also needs to
use the hags' loom to craft their greater artifact. Refer to
the Running the Epic Paths section for details.

2. Lair of the Hags




This expansive cave smells strongly of rotten eggs. A
large pit in the center of the cave is filled with bubbling
yellow ichor. Swimming around in the ichor are dozens
of worm-like larvae with mortal faces. Scattered
around the cave are heaps of filthy linens.
In the far corner of the room, three hideous women
stand around an imposing loom which seems to have
been carved from the bones of a gigantic creature.




The hags are almost always found here, working on
the loom or cackling to each other about the gruesome
deaths of past heroes. They might also be carving up
a squealing larva and eating it alive. The hags are not
hostile: they will instead wait to see if the heroes have
come to negotiate for some boon or magical item. If the
heroes are hostile toward the hags, then the coven will
use their full power to destroy the intruders.
Horrifying Larvae. These hideous creatures are
worms the size of dogs and have the faces of humans,
elves, dwarves, and other mortals. They are evil souls
who have been “rewarded” for their past deeds. They
will be used as food for fiends—or as spell components
in the hags' dark rituals.
Loom of the Fates. The loom was crafted from the
bones of a metallic dragon. This is the hag’s loom, a
powerful magical item. The loom currently supports a
beautiful tapestry that is being woven by the hags. The
tapestry’s image shows everything that has happened
to the heroes over the course of the last week, including
their arrival at the hags' cave.
The Hag Coven
The coven has a shared pool of spells. Refer to the Hag
Covens side bar in the 5th Edition bestiary book.
The medusa, Irisa, possesses the coven’s hag eye. The
night hag, Morta, has a heartstone and a soul bag, both of
which she keeps on her person at all times. For information on the hag eye, heartstone and soul bag refer to the
Hags section in the 5th Edition bestiary book.
Granny Morta is an ancient hag who claims to have
lived for more than ten thousand years. She has maximum hit points (165) and a special lair action. She can
take her lair action on initiative count 20. One creature
that she can see must succeed at a DC 15 Charisma
saving throw or be banished to the plane of Hades. As
long as Morta concentrates on the banishment, the creature remains trapped in Hades. If she decides to use the
lair action again, or her concentration is disrupted, the
creature reappears in the space it left or in the nearest
unoccupied space.
If Morta manages to concentrate on a creature’s
banishment for 10 consecutive rounds, then the target
is permanently banished to Hades. However, while
in Hades the creature can make a successful DC 20
Wisdom (Survival) check to find the path that the hag
coven uses to travel between the mortal realm and the
plane of Hades.

Dragon’s Egg
The hags’ most valuable item is a copper dragon egg.
Lutheria gave the egg to them so that it could be corrupted and then delivered to Sydon. The hag coven
has been responsible for corrupting all of the metallic
dragon eggs that have come into possession of Sydon
Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

141

The Fates are wicked creatures, in spite of their hallowed place
and Lutheria. Even with the magic that the hags use
on the eggs, the dragons are not born evil, but they are
made susceptible to evil’s influence.

among the Great Powers of Thylea. They play with mortal lives
as if they were toys, and their hearts are rotten to the core.
Truly, not even the Titans trust them.

Treasure
The hags have a strange collection of jewelry, artwork,
and magic items. This collection includes:

• A strange necklace made from the teeth of yugoloth

that have been dipped in gold. It is worth 2,000 gp to
the right buyer.
• A silver wyrmling’s skull that has been coated in platinum. The eye sockets have sapphires. It is worth 5,000
gp to the right buyer.
• Two potions of greater healing.
Bargaining with the Fates
The heroes can negotiate a deal with the hag coven if they
wish. The hags will assume that is the reason why the
heroes have come to their island and won’t attack until
they know better. The heroes can ask for something specific, or the hags can suggest some of the options listed
below. Only one hero needs to make a deal with the hags.
Boons of the Fates
These are the services that the hags can provide to the
heroes in exchange for tasks:

• Divination. The hags can describe up to three islands

in the Cerulean Gulf and the Forgotten Sea in detail,
including any treasure that might interest in the heroes.
• Raise Dead. The hags can use the spell raise dead to
bring any number of corpses back to life.
• Bestow Experience. The hags can make the heroes
stronger. They narrate one of the Myths of Thylea, and
every hero immediately gains 5,000 XP.
• Loom Crafting. The hags can use their loom to craft
a magic item. They require the necessary ingredients.
The Oracle is also able to use the hag’s loom to make
magic items, but the hags will not reveal this.
Tasks of the Fates
These are the tasks that the hags will demand in
exchange for their services. These tasks always come
with a time limit, and they count as evil deeds that stain
the reputation of the party when carried out.

• Kill the Oracle within two weeks.
• Bring a baby girl to the coven within one week.
• Bring a living nymph to the coven within one week.
The hags hate the Oracle and have always wished her
dead. The baby girl would be twisted and corrupted to
create a new hag. The nymph would be tortured and
devoured as a delectable snack.
Breaking the Deal. The hags will afflict those who
break the deal with the curse of the medusa. For more
information about this curse, refer to The Mortal
Curses in the Introduction chapter.

142

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom
Tunnels to the Underworld
The other three tunnels that flank the main cave
entrance lead deep beneath the earth. It takes explorers
1d4 hours to traverse more than a mile down one of the
tunnels in order to discover anything.
First Tunnel. The first tunnel leads to the Underdark,
and it is beyond the scope of this adventure. The party
might encounter giant mushroom forests, dark elven
raiders, or some other strange denizen of that place.
Second Tunnel. The second tunnel breaks through
the ceiling above the Nether Sea. The sea is a half-mile
drop from the ceiling, and a fall from this height causes
70 (20d6) falling damage. The Nether Sea is deadly without a ship. Refer to the Nether Sea chapter for details.
Third Tunnel. The third and final tunnel also continues for a mile before opening onto a blasted wasteland: this is the plane of Hades. A company of a dozen
mezzoloths led by a nycaloth watch over this portal
between worlds and are currently raising two cerberus
hounds for the hag coven. The hags sometimes come
down here to check on the hounds’ progress or to bargain with the yugoloths for more larvae. The yugoloth
and the cerberus hounds will attack anyone other than a
hag who emerges from the tunnel.

3. Cave of Manticores
This cave is at the highest point on the island.




High up, near the top of the mountain, you come
across a cave. Bones, animal and humanoid, litter the
ground near the cave mouth. Most are cracked or shattered into pieces, lining the path into the dark with a
sort of macabre gravel. Although the cave is cloaked in
shadow, there is a glint of light shining inside.




The cave is the den for a family of manticores. This
mated pair and their offspring have served the hags for
decades and are well fed and groomed. They are larger
than typical manticores (98 hit points each).
They have a brood of four smaller manticores. These
siblings hate each other, and only return to the cave
occasionally. You can add them to the encounter if you
wish to increase the danger and tension.
Treasure
Over the years the manticores have gathered treasure
from passing ships. Scattered amongst the bones are
1,100 sp, 650 gp, two matched platinum goblets worth
400 gp each, and a necklace of sapphires worth 1,500 gp.

4. Ruined tower




This crumbling tower is built to a scale far larger
than normal human proportions. The civilization that
built it must have been giants. The skeletal remains
of the former inhabitants are scattered throughout
the ruins. In addition to their great size, these skeletons all have skulls with a single central eye socket
and six arms.




This ruin was once a lighthouse and fort for the Gygan
Empire, and it was brought down by the Dragonlords five
centuries ago. The skeletons of six-armed cyclopes can be
found around and within the ruins of the tower itself.
Treasure
Inside the tower is a bronze chest that has been broken
open. It has obviously been looted at some point in the
past, but it still contains a number of large scroll cases.
The scrolls detail the history of the war between the
Dragonlords and the Gygan Empire. This account paints
the Dragonlords as brutal oppressors who wiped out the
Gygans without a shred of mercy.

Island of the Exiles




Although the sea is calm, finding a safe place to come
ashore on this rocky island is a difficult task. There is
one obvious place to make landfall: a stone dock on the
island's only beach. A lone figure stands upon the dock,
watching warily as your ship approaches. Vegetation
grows by the shore, but there are no trees.




1. The dock
The only safe way to gain access to the island by ship is
to use the stone dock located on the south of the island.
Idylla is watching the docks when the heroes arrive. She
sends another exile to alert the village.
Idylla immediately realizes that the Ultros is not a
prison ship from Mytros. She wants to introduce herself



“Hail, strangers, and well met. Do my eyes deceive
me or is that the Ultros? You must be great warriors
to command such a ship. Welcome to the Island of
Exiles. I am called Idylla. Perhaps you have heard of
my son—King Acastus of Mytros?”



For more than a century, this island has served as a
prison colony for exiles. There are several small fishing boats tied up at the stone dock. One of the exiles
is always on watch at the dock to alert the community
when new arrivals make landfall.
Criminals from Mytros accused of heinous crimes
(such as murder) are sometimes exiled to this island for
the rest of their lives. Mytrosian justice also allows for
powerful citizens to be exiled by popular consent. When
this happens, the exiles are ferried to the island, where
they must remain for at least a decade.
The sailing route to the island is a well-kept secret
known only to King Acastus and his closest advisors.
This is not a secret that Acastus shares with the heroes,
as too many of his personal enemies are on the rocky
island. The island has no large trees for good reason:
no trees mean no wood for boat building. The island is
mostly covered in bushes and small fig trees which are
entirely unsuitable for any nautical purposes.

KEY LOCATIONS

to the party before her rivals in the village have a chance
to meet them. She welcomes them to the island and
does everything she can to ingratiate herself.





2. The Village
The exiles and criminals have learned to co-exist, and
have built a simple community near the center of the
island. It consists of a dozen stone houses and a plain
temple to the Five Gods. A well provides fresh water,
and several small gardens provide vegetables.
The Exiles
The inhabitants of the island are an eclectic group who
have learned to live together. Every year they vote for
a new “king.” This king is a moderator for disputes. He
decides how to punish those who transgress against the
small community’s rules.
There are 25 men (CE, NE and LN commoners) and
three women (NE nobles) in the community. The most
important members of the community are:

• King Stavros (LE noble). One of the newer exiles,

Stavros has been voted king for the past two years. A
charismatic man, Stavros was one of the most successful wine merchants in all of Thylea. He claims to
have been exiled by popular vote, but in reality, he was
sent to the island for poisoning a rival. Stavros is paranoid that a new prisoner or exile will reveal his lie, but
so far, no one has shown up on the island who knows
the truth about his past.
Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

143

• Tadd (CE bandit). A recluse, Tadd is one of the

strangest inhabitants of the island. He has a penchant
for talking to himself, randomly screaming obscenities
at the gods, and defecating in the middle of conversations. His obvious “eccentricities” are overlooked
because he is the island’s best woodworker, stone
mason, and architect. He was sent to the island for
murdering six women in Stygian Row. Idylla and the
other women of the island hate and fear him for obvious reasons.
• Keelan (CN gladiator). A skilled warrior and
thoughtful philosopher from a respected family in
Mytros, Keelan has a fiery temper. He feels that he
deserves his fate on the island as he killed his brother
in a fit of anger while arguing over a woman. Keelan
is well respected by the other exiles, but this is not
reciprocal. He detests everyone on the island, but he
is careful not to let it show. He will urge the heroes
not to free anyone from the island, because they all
deserve to be here—or much worse.
• Tyrone (CE bandit). A self-righteous and angry man,
Tyrone is perpetually plotting to escape the island.
Tyrone was a loud-mouthed demagogue in Mytros,
and his rabble-rousing ways eventually got him exiled.
Six of the younger exiles are besotted by his words,
but he has yet to be elected king, because everyone
else knows that he's a small-minded blowhard. Tyrone
will constantly badger the heroes to let him and his
followers accompany them on their voyage. If he is
rebuffed, he becomes angry, but he is too much of a
coward to do anything about it.
• Idylla (LE noble). Idylla is one of the few women
on the island. She boasts considerable influence and
excellent political instincts. Idylla was exiled from
Mytros because she is Acastus’s mother, and many
citizens felt that she was abusing her influence over
the king in the early years of his reign. The nobility banded together to have her exiled. Acastus was
outwardly distraught, but secretly, he was glad to be
rid of his overbearing mother. Idylla is regarded as the
most beautiful woman on the island. Many of the men
vie for her favor, but she has been careful not to play
favorites. If Idylla senses that she can convince a hero
to take her off of the island, she will use her considerable charm to seduce them. She dotes on Acastus,
but she has no loyalty to him, and she has no qualms
betraying him if it means escaping the island.
Event: Murder Investigation
King Stavros attempts to greet the heroes as soon as
they arrive on the island. He approaches them with six
other exiles, including Idylla and Keelan. He introduces
himself and explains the nature of the island. He is
quite open about their status as exiles and “criminals” in
Mytros. He questions the heroes as to their purpose, but

144

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

he will quickly steer the conversation to the problem he
needs solved—a problem that is causing much distress
to the island's makeshift community.
Someone is murdering the other exiles. Four men
have already been killed, all with their throats neatly cut.
Idylla thinks it must be the recluse Tadd, while Stavros
suspects that Tyrone is trying to supplant him. Keelan
feels that jumping to conclusions doesn’t help anything,
as the murderer could be anyone, including one of the
three of them. Stavros and Idylla want the heroes to
investigate the murders—since they've just arrived,
everyone agrees that they are neutral in the dispute.
If the heroes agree, then they will find that everyone is tight-lipped about the murders, and all four
bodies have been burned, leaving no remains. Unless
some means of talking to the spirits of the murdered
people can be found, solid evidence is difficult to find.
However, if the party can come up with a convincing
case against someone on the island, Stavros and Idylla
will be satisfied. Keelan will not be happy with any
explanation.
There are three possible explanations for the murders.
You can choose any of the following to be true:
Idylla's Theory. Idylla believes that the most likely
murderer is Tadd. He's a strange man, and he can offer
no coherent account of his whereabouts over any period
of time. He could easily kill someone and then instantly
forget that he did it. He's also a monster.
Tyrone's Fanatics. Tyrone is not the killer, but two of
his men could be responsible. He has no idea whether
they actually did it, but it would flatter him if they did.
They've assaulted people who have spoken out against
him in the past. Murder would be the natural next step,
and his detractors deserve it, in any case.
Keelan's Hatred. Keelan has the necessary skills to
kill people and cover it up. He loathes everyone on the
island, but no one suspects him of murder, because
everyone just assumes that he's as genial as his placid
exterior suggests. If accused of the murder, Keelan
might simply confess—he's just glad to finally talk about
how much he hates everyone.
Rewards
If the heroes solve the murder, then the exiles reward
the party with a white ox worth 500 gp. The ox can be
used as sacrificial livestock aboard the Ultros.
Additional Crew. If the party solves the murder, they
earn the respect of the exiles. The party may choose
to take up to 25 of them on as crew for the Ultros, to
replenish any crew who have been lost at sea.
If the party doesn't solve the murder, then the exiles
are unwilling to join their crew. The thought of being
confined on a ship with a potential murderer is more
terrifying than remaining on the island.

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

145

146

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

Scorpion Island




Bonding Scorpion Tribe Centaurs

You sail towards an island edged by sandy beaches
and calm waters. The land is largely flat, and grasslands stretch out across the island, interrupted only by
shrubs and small trees. The solitary structure visible
from your ship is an ominous black stone tower at the
island’s center.


The Scorpion Tribe centaurs are the only NPC centaurs
in Thylea who allow themselves to be used as mounts.
Centaur mounts act independently in combat, making
them an exceptional addition to any party.
Centaur heroes may still bond one of the centaurs from
the Scorpion Tribe. In this case, they obviously cannot use
them as a mount—instead, the bond must be true love.



It’s easy to find a place to anchor or beach a ship here.
The island is relatively flat and storms keep the foliage
sparse and low to the ground.
The Scorpion Tribe
This island is famed for the “Scorpion Tribe,” a lineage
of cursed centaurs who have lived here for centuries.
The centaurs of this tribe are doomed to transform into
monstrous giant scorpions when they reach adulthood.
The only way to overcome the curse is to bond with a
mortal rider and leave the island forever.
Scorpions of every size and color live on the island,
including the giant scorpions that used to be centaurs.
The curse is the work of the Lotus Witch, a powerful gynosphinx that lives in the tower at the center of
the island. The sphinx keeps to herself. Those foolish
enough to approach her tower never return.
The centaurs here are all young and impetuous.
There are no elders to temper their youth with wisdom,
because the adults all leave the island or transform into
scorpions. The knowledge that so many are doomed by
the curse makes the centaurs wild, as they know that life
can be very short. They band together into groups of
twelve—racing, drinking, hunting, and frolicking. They
avoid the giant scorpions.

Aresian Proving Grounds
This island is also a holy place of initiation for the warriors
of Aresia. Aresians who wish to be considered true warriors make a pilgrimage to the island and test themselves
against the scorpions. This doubles as a funeral rite for the
centaurs that were transformed. It is a great honor, and a
sign of a great destiny, if a young Aresian is able to find and
bond with one of the young centaurs of the Scorpion Tribe.
There are usually a dozen young Aresians (LN warrior
monks) undergoing their trials on the island. They are
expected to work together to trap and kill one of the giant
scorpions. Three of their masters await on the shore of the
island to see who amongst them will survive their trial.
Encounter: Aresian Warriors




As you come ashore, you encounter three athletic
humans wearing scarlet red cloaks and bronze bracers.
You recognize them as Aresian warriors.




Constitution checks until one character wins.

These three warrior monks are meditating, exercising, and debating the nature of the universe. They are
annoyed to see outsiders on their sacred island. They
firmly ask that the heroes not disturb the trials of the
younger monks on the island.
If the heroes are respectful, then the monks are willing
to explain their customs and the history of the Scorpion
Tribe. They don't know much about the Lotus Witch,
except that she dwells in the tower and that she's the one
who cursed the centaurs.

(Athletics) checks until one character wins.

KEY LOCATIONS

opposed Charisma (Performance) checks.

1. Band of Centaurs

opposed Wisdom (Perception) checks.



The Bonding Ritual
When a band of centaurs of the Scorpion Tribe encounter visiting mortals, they may decide to initiate the
“bonding ritual.” The ritual involves twelve centaurs and
the entire party engaging in the following activities:

• Drinking Contest. Everyone makes opposed

• Wrestling Contest. Everyone present makes Strength
• Storytelling Contest. Everyone present makes
• Stargazing Contest. Everyone present makes



This clearing is dominated by three giant scorpions,
each the size of a horse. Surrounding the scorpions are
six young Aresian warriors brandishing spears and clad
in brilliant red cloaks. The warriors seem badly outmatched—one of them is mortally wounded.

Use each contest as an opportunity to roleplay. Ask
the winning player how they won the contest. At the end
of the ritual festivities, the centaurs may choose one or
more heroes to bond with, based on their performance.




Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

147

The six Aresians (LN warrior monks) successfully
tracked down a single giant scorpion to kill for their
trials, but unfortunately, they were immediately
ambushed by two more. Unless the party comes to their
aid within two rounds, they will all be killed, and then
the scorpions will turn on the party.
After four rounds, a band of twelve centaurs arrives
to join the fight against the scorpions. Normally, the
centaurs avoid the giant scorpions, but this band is led
by Nessa (see appendix). Nessa is seeking someone to
bond with, and she thinks it's a terrible waste to allow so
many mortal warriors be slaughtered for no reason.
Once the fighting is done, Nessa proposes a feast
under the stars with the survivors. She's willing to bond
with any hero who impresses her during the bonding
ritual. Others in her band of twelve may also choose to
bond with the heroes—use your discretion, as centaur
mounts make very powerful allies.
Pholon the Brotherly

once had a great library, a collection of knowledge
carved into the trees of the island’s forest.
But the island's centaurs, who had long been charged
with protecting the forest, chopped it down for firewood. As punishment for this reckless destruction of
knowledge, the Lotus Witch cursed the centaurs—and
they became known as the Scorpion Tribe.
Approaching the Tower
There is no way to enter the tower from the air. Those
who try to enter the tower by flying will meet sudden
cross-winds, and storm clouds will appear in the sky
where there were none before.
Every round, a lightning bolt will strike any flyers for
28 (8d6) lightning damage. A successful DC 15 Dexterity
saving throw will halve this damage. The bolts will
not stop until a flyer lands or turns away and retreats
to more than 1,000 ft. from the tower. The tower is
immune to all magical spells and no teleportation magic
can access its interior.
Walking Through the Flowers
Only walking into the fields of flowers will reveal the
tower’s entrance. Read the following:

If your players have not yet encountered Pholon (see
appendix), then you may choose to have them encounter him here on Scorpion Isle. You may use the event
described in the Encounters appendix. Pholon and Nessa
are old friends.



2. Tower of the Lotus Witch




As you approach the center of the island, the sun
shines down from a clear, cloudless sky. Before you, a
huge black stone obelisk reaches more than 200 feet
into the heavens. Entry into this strange tower seems
impossible, as there are no doors or windows to be
seen. Stretching between you and the tower is a field
of vibrant yellow wildflowers.


This tower is the lair of the Lotus Witch, the island’s
true mistress. The sphinx is an exile from the Island
of Time. None but she know why she was exiled. She
came to this island seeking knowledge—the centaurs



As you enter the field of wildflowers, the sun zips
across the sky and sinks into the eastern horizon. The
sky darkens until it is decorated with twinkling stars.
After a few moments, the sun rises from the west and
sets again in the east. This day-night cycle repeats over
and over, until your surroundings become a blur.
Suddenly, the night sky comes back into focus and
you find yourselves before a previously unseen doorway
leading into the tower. The pathetic cries of small children and infants drifts from the entrance.






No time has actually passed for the heroes as a result of
walking through the wildflowers.
One-Way Door. The doorway into the tower is a
one-way door. No one will notice this until they decide
to leave: only then will they see that the doorway has
vanished. Anyone still outside can still see the doorway
and is able to enter freely.
Inside the Tower




This room is filled with over a dozen children. Some
are infants, barely able to toddle, while others are a
few years old. Most of them clutch yellow flowers in
their hands. Some are human and elves, while others
are minotaurs and centaurs. Piled in the corners of the
room are heaps of clothing and equipment that might
have belonged to adult versions of these children.




These children are all victims of the sphinx. They are
former adventurers, Aresian hopefuls, and centaurs
who dared enter the tower and failed the sphinx’s tests.
She reduced them all to a youthful state and comes
down every few years to keep them young. Some of the
children are chronologically centuries old, but they have
lived almost all of those years as children. The children
collect the lotus flowers outside and press them into oils
to be used by the sphinx.
The most helpful child is a five-year-old boy named
Leander (NG commoner). Leander tells the heroes that
they are in danger and that they shouldn’t have come.
He tells them that the Lotus Witch will be angry with
them, and that they must now go see her and then beg
for forgiveness. If asked where to find the Lotus Witch,
the boy points upwards and tell them that she is at the
top of the tower.
The Windowed Staircase
There is a spiral staircase that ascends upwards for
hundreds of feet:




The spiraling stone staircase that ascends the Lotus
Witch’s tower seems to go on forever. Time within the
tower seems to take on the same strange quality you
experienced outside: some windows are flooded with
intense sunlight, while others allow in gentle beams of
moonlight. Climbing the staircase is disorienting, and it
leaves you feeling slightly nauseated.


The staircase is 200 feet in height, there are seven windows along its length. Each window looks into another
plane of existence. The windows are only a foot in
diameter, though a creature of Small size could squeeze
through with a successful DC 15 Dexterity (Acrobatics)
check. Tiny creatures can crawl through the windows
with no difficulty. It is impossible to use magic to teleport through them.
Exploring the Windows. Anyone who gets to the
other side of a window will fall about 100 ft. to the
ground for 35 (10d6) bludgeoning damage. If they survive, they will be free to explore whichever world they
have entered. After one hour, they will hear a lion roar,
and they will be instantly transported to the top of the
tower—standing in front of the sphinx.
The Seven Windows
• Elysium. This window looks out into the beautiful,
expansive vistas of the plane, Elysium.
• Tartarus. This window looks out into the horrifying
hellscapes of the prison plane, Tartarus.
• Astral. This window looks out into an empty expanse
of stars and nebulae—the Astral Plane.
• Hades. This window looks out into the dismal plane
of Hades. An army of thousands of insect men can be



seen marching in perfect formation across the burning wastelands of Hades. This is an army of yugoloths.
Anyone going through the window will be approached
by a detachment of six mezzoloths and a nycaloth.
• Earth. This window looks out into Earth in the
10th century BC during the battle for Troy, and the
duel between Hector and Achilles. A battle line of
Achaeans watches from one side, while the Trojans
look down from the walls of Troy. Hector and Achilles
fight for 10 rounds before Achilles prevails. If the
heroes somehow become involved, treat the two
famed warriors as gladiators (165 HP).
• Thylea. This window looks out into Thylea from
10 miles above Scorpion Island, and it is the only
window to be sealed by a glass cover (10 HP). If
the glass is broken, the difference in air pressure
between the tower’s interior and 10 miles altitude
means that air begins to rush through the window.
Anyone within 10 feet of the window must make a
DC 10 Strength saving throw or be sucked into the
window; creatures of Small size (or smaller) will pass
through. Larger creatures take 3 (1d6) bludgeoning
damage as they slam against the wall around the
window. Anyone who is sucked through will fall 10
miles back to Scorpion Island for 70 (20d6) bludgeoning damage.
• Another World. This window looks out into another
world. Choose any fantasy world you feel comfortable
describing to your players. For example, it might be a
famous battle from The Lord of the Rings.
The Sphinx’s Lair
The sphinx's lair is at the top of the spiral staircase:




The twisting stair opens into a stone room at the top
of the tower. The floor, walls, and ceiling are covered
in etched hieroglyphics. A closer look reveals that the
markings are roughly made, as if they were scratched
into the rock with primitive tools.
A majestic winged lion with the face of a regal
woman sits in the center of the room. Behind her, a
wide window shows the island below bathed in daylight. Upon seeing you, she demands “Why have you
disturbed my contemplations?”




The Lotus Witch (TN gynosphinx) listens to the party
for a while, but eventually, she interrupts and asks the
heroes whether they are aware of the history of Thylea.
She explains that it is important to know history, or one
will be doomed to repeat history’s mistakes. Those who
are oblivious to history are no better than infants—and
they should be treated as such. She wonders whether the
party deserves to be transformed into infants like the
former adventurers downstairs—her “children.”
Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

149

sphinx will not fight to kill—only to incapacitate. If she
is reduced to half hit points, she will use her lair action
to shift all of the combatant heroes and herself to one of
the realms on the other side of the stairwell windows.
You can choose which one.
If the party kills the sphinx, they will be transported
back to the tower (if they are in another plane).
If the sphinx defeats the entire party, she will reduce
them all to infants and children and they will join the
other children downstairs. If you want the campaign to
continue, Pythor or another one of the gods will come to
negotiate the heroes’ release and restoration.
Treasure. The sphinx has 15 assorted gems worth
500 gp each. Of more practical value are the half-dozen
spell books that the Lotus Witch has collected over
the centuries. She took these from various wizards
who invaded her tower and, together, the spell books
include 5 random spells from each level up to 6th level
(30 total).

Epic Paths: The Cursed One

If the Cursed One is present, then the Lotus Witch reveals
that their curse originates on the island of Typhon, and
only there can the curse be broken. If they can answer her
riddles, then she will give them a protective artifact. Refer
to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.

The Lotus Witch asks the party four questions about
the history of Thylea. Feel free to choose simple questions that you know your party can easily answer. If you
need ideas, here are some examples:

• Who created the Myrmekes race? (Talieus)
• Who was the first of the Dragonlords? (Xander)
• Who was the cruelest of the Dragonlords? (Estor)
• What happened to the City of the Sirens? (It sank.)
• When Thylea bore fruit, which two Titans sprang
from a single pit? (Sydon and Lutheria)

The sphinx will be satisfied if the heroes can answer
three of the questions correctly. If this is the case, she
will answer any five questions the heroes ask of her: she
knows everything there is to know about Thylea and its
history. After answering any questions she will send the
heroes on their way; they will reappear outside of the
tower and will be unable to gain entry ever again.

The Missing Dragons

Fighting the Lotus Witch
If the heroes attack the Lotus Witch or fail to answer her
questions, she attacks them. The tower is considered
her lair, so she has access to all of her lair actions. The

This is an excellent opportunity for players to learn more
about the dragons that went missing during the First War.
The Lotus Witch knows what happened to the dragons,
but she is forbidden to reveal it due to the Oath of Peace.
The most she can say is that the dragons may reveal
themselves to the heroes when the Oath has ended.
If the party has not yet received Aesop's letter, they
should probably receive it before visiting the Lotus Witch.
Refer to the Voyage of the Ultros for details.

Indigo Island




Your ship glides through clear blue waters towards a
rocky and verdant shore. A crescent archipelago to
the south creates a lagoon between the sea and main
island. Through the clear green water of the lagoon,
you can see jagged rocks and coral reefs that must be
carefully avoided. Fishing boats dot the coastline of the
island, each dragging several large nets.


This island is heavily forested, and it has many beaches
that make excellent landings. The waters around the
island are dangerous, with many reefs and sharp rocks.
This is the home of the seafaring Indigo barbarians.
The humans, elves, dwarves, and others in the Indigo
Tribes inhabited the Cerulean Gulf islands long before
the coming of the Dragonlords.

History of the Indigo Tribes
More than a thousand years ago, hundreds of survivors
from a series of shipwrecks washed ashore on the Gulf ’s
150

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf



islands. They were helped by the native races, including
the nymphs and satyrs, and they were eventually able
to build a fleet of small ships to sail the Cerulean Gulf.
They discovered Indigo Island and settled here, calling
themselves the Indigo Tribes, after the fields of dark
blue flowers that carpet the island.
When the Dragonlords came, the Indigo Tribes
fought on the side of the Thylean natives as a naval
force. They scored several significant victories, but
they went back into hiding after the end of the First
War. They have remained here for the past five centuries. Although the island’s forests are plentiful with
deer and boar, the tribes mostly depend upon fishing
and raiding.

Barbarian Raiders
Civilized, mainland Thyleans dismiss the Indigo
Tribes as uncultured barbarians, worthy only of scorn.
However, their fearlessness and naval prowess also
inspire respect: the barbarians frequently raid settlements along the Cerulean Gulf.

The Indigo barbarians are the best navigators in all
of Thylea. They observe flocks of birds and track the
movements of stars to travel the Cerulean Gulf. They
consider their navigation skills to be sacred and would
never share their techniques with an outsider. Some
travel to Mytros and Estoria to experience the decadent
lifestyle of the “mainlanders,” but all of them eventually
return to their island home.
The Indigo Tribes dress lightly and wield unusual
steel weapons, which have been handed down from
their ancestors, or forged by dwarves of the Whale tribe,
rather than the common bronze weapons used on the
mainland. They are tanned by wind and sun from time
at sea. The most exotic part of their appearance are the
spiraling patterns of blue tattoos that cover their bodies.
Indigo barbarians wear tattoos to mark every significant
event in their lives.
There are several tribes on the island, each including
several hundred members. The tribes are divided along
racial lines, but they are united in their reverence of
Thylea, the Great Mother. Each tribe is ruled by a chief

and two or three thanes (CN barbarian warriors). The
tribes are defended by a core group of fearless warriors
(CN berserkers), but all of the men and women in the
tribe are able to fight (CN tribal warriors).

Tribe of the Shark
The largest tribe is made up of humans, half-elves, tieflings, and half-orcs. It is ruled by Gorac, an exceedingly
tall and slender half-elf (CN barbarian warrior).

Tribe of the Dolphin
This tribe of elves is the most xenophobic of the islanders, and they are the masters of building the catamaran-style boats used by the Indigo barbarians to travel
the Gulf. The boats are built so that they can be easily
dismantled and hidden. They even have masts that
can be used as a rain-catcher for fresh water on long
voyages. The tribe is ruled by Dolphin, an elven woman
(CN wild druid). This name is taken by anyone who
becomes chieftain.
Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

151

Tribe of the Whale
This tribe of dwarves keeps to the central forest on the
island. They run a mining operation that works a small
iron deposit, the only one known in all of Thylea. The
iron ore is difficult to mine due to its scarcity even here,
so the steel weapons made by the dwarves are valued by
all the tribes. They are led by Delg (CG gladiator). He
dresses in the armor of his forebears: adamantine half
plate and shield (giving him AC 19).

Tribe of the Eel
This tribe of halflings and gnomes lives close to the
beaches, and they are the best fishermen on the island.
They are also the most gregarious and welcoming of the
tribes. Their leader, Loopywoopy (CG barbarian warrior), a female gnome, is famed for her ability to stretch
even the most mundane story into an epic, sprawling
myth for all the ages!

of her victims. The cave also has the small hoard that
she has begun to accumulate.
Treasure
The dragon’s hoard contains 100 pp and 5,000 gp. The
coins are piled around a pedestal on which rests a single
glowing orb of star metal.

Event: Proving
The tribe of the Eel has decided to prove itself
against the heroes, whom they call “outsiders.” Chief
Loopywoopy takes one of her thanes and leads a dozen
berserkers in an attack against the party. Loopywoopy
announces beforehand that this battle is a ritual and
not to the death. Her twelve barbarians (CG barbarian
warriors) will not use lethal force unless the heroes use
it against them. Read the following:


Twelve short tattooed humanoids approach your party.
Though their tiny faces contort themselves in expressions meant to convey menace, their weapons remain
sheathed. A middle-aged gnome approaches you with
a confident stride. She wears an ornate headdress that
nearly swallows her features.
“I, Chief Loopywoopy of the great Tribe of the Eel,
wish to welcome you to Indigo Island! Do you outsiders
care to prove your might against my people’s greatest
warriors? Stow your weapons! Testing your mettle
requires no bloodshed.”

1. The Dragon
A few months ago, an evil metallic dragon came to
the island and claimed it as hunting territory. Ventis
(CE adult copper dragon) came from Praxys. Sydon
hatched and raised her at his tower, and he's released
her to hunt and grow stronger before his war begins.
Ventis has taken to hunting the barbarians as food.
Unlike most of her kind, Ventis is chaotic evil, as she
has been raised from birth to hate any outsider race
that settled in Thylea. Ventis lives in a cave near the
center of the forest, her presence shown by the bones
152

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf







If the heroes are able to defeat the band, they are asked
to a great feast in their honor. At the feast, satyrs play
music, nymphs dance in the moonlight, and the gnomes
and halflings drink copious amounts of liquor. The drink
is a sweet-tasting rum made from sugarcane found deep
in the island interior. Read the following:


Part way through the feast, Ventis the copper dragon
attacks. She uses her acid breath and then starts killing
indiscriminately. Read the following:


The festivities are cut short by a most unwelcome
guest. The triangular silhouette of a copper dragon
glides in front of the full moon and swoops down to
attack the party. Firelight reflects from her glimmering
metallic scales. She spews a stream of acid that singes
the edge of Chief Loopywoopy’s headdress.



The full moon hangs in the clear night sky, providing
a picturesque backdrop for the feast. Satyrs serenade
you with their pipes while nymphs, halflings, and
gnomes dance around the flickering fire. You never
quite finish your sweet, potent drink, as your hosts
are quick to fill your cup back up to its brim. The air
is thick with the smell of alcohol, smoked fish, and
fresh sweat.










As soon as Ventis takes more than 20 damage, she uses
her slowing breath and retreats back to her lair. Chief
Loopwoopy will try to convince the heroes to go after
her. Loopwoopy explains that the dragon has been collecting a hoard of treasure from the surrounding islands.

Titan’s Folly
This strange island consists of three perfectly molded green
hills surrounded by an impossible glass dome that rises
out of the Cerulean Gulf. The glass dome encompasses the
entire island. The wall is impervious to damage, but it can
easily be bypassed by teleportation magic such as teleport
or dimension door. Anchoring at the glass wall is trivial.
Most natives of Thylea know of the legend of the
island and will share it with the heroes. Any crewmen
on the Ultros will almost certainly know that this is
Titan’s Folly. They are quite sure that this a place that
must be avoided at all costs.
While the island is rumored to be home to Thylea’s
greatest treasures, it was sealed away by Kentimane
the Hundred Handed. His reasons for doing this are
a complete mystery, even to the other gods. Legend
suggests that the original war among the Titans was a
direct result of whatever happened here. Thylean natives
among the crew will warn the heroes to turn away and
forget they ever saw this place.

Wall of Dreams
Anyone who sees the wall will have strange dreams the
following night. They might dream of fantastic magic
items or something that they desire above all else.
For example, paladins may dream of a holy avenger,
wizards may dream of a staff of the magi, and rogues
may dream of a cloak of invisibility. In the dream, ants
carry the desired item from a miniature version of the
island and drop it at the feet of the hero.

eh? I bet
Titan's Folly! Now there's a mystery,
nymphs
it's full of glittering gold and beautiful
s says
and glorious battles! But my sister Vallu
that we are never to go there. Ah well.

— Pythor, God of Battle

If the heroes bypass the wall, read the following:




Once you have bypassed the curious glass dome, you
continue toward the island. The most striking aspect of
the place is its perfect geometric uniformity. The land
consists of three identical green hills clumped together.
Thick tropical grass grows in rows around each hill,
interrupted only by rows of oak trees halfway to each
hill’s summit. Such a perfect land formation can only be
the handiwork of the Mother Goddess, Thylea.




The three hills are entirely covered in perfectly arranged
fields of sugarcane. Each hill has a ring of ancient oak trees
that circles the hill at the midpoint of the slope. Under the
oak trees are entrances to a network of caves and tunnels.
The Titan Kentimane sealed this island away five millennia ago. It hasn’t had a single visitor from the outside
world in all that time. Inside the barrier, on this strange
island, lives a race of creatures that don’t exist anywhere
else in the multiverse: the myrmekes.
The myrmekes are a race of hyper-intelligent insectlike humanoids that were created by one of Thylea’s
children at the dawn of time. There are around 3,000
myrmekes on the island, and they live in the caves
beneath the oaks, where they store their food, raise their
young and protect their queen.
Meeting the Myrmekes
When they are met initially, the myrmekes can only
communicate with clicks and by waving their antenna.
They provoke no hostility. They bring out sumptuous
offerings of food and drink. The food tastes like a form
of delicious meat, while the drink is a sweet wine.
Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

153

Warm Greetings. Within a few hours on interacting
with the heroes they will begin to communicate using
the language that the heroes use. They are extremely
social creatures who will warmly greet strangers to
the island. They are also extremely curious. They ask
the heroes many questions—about their deeds, hopes,
desires, and goals: anything and everything will provoke
the myrmekes into asking a question.
The myrmekes are very accommodating, and can be
light-hearted and funny. They won’t stop the heroes
from leaving early, and they will not restrict the party's
movements on the island. If the heroes attack the myrmekes, they will defend themselves but will not retaliate.
They will wait until the heroes exhaust themselves and
then ask them, somewhat regretfully, to leave.
Explaining the Dome. If the myrmekes are asked
about the dome, they will claim that it was erected to
trap them, as a punishment for insulting a powerful god,
thousands of years ago. They will dispute the notion that
Thylea imprisoned them, as she was their creator. If they
are asked about powerful magical items, they will claim
to have no ideas about such things. The truth is that the
myrmekes’ powerful hive mind is able to influence the
unconscious minds of nearby humanoids.

Event: A World of Dirt
The myrmekes study everything that the heroes do and
everything that they bring with them. Magic spells are
especially interesting to them, as they have very little
experience with magic.
Once the heroes have left the island, the myrmekes
will begin to plan their escape from the island. They will
copy whatever method the heroes used to bypass the
wall. For example, if the heroes used the dimension door
spell, then the myrmekes now know how to use it.
At this point the myrmekes will begin working toward
what they feel is their destiny: making the multiverse a
reflection of their perfect society and people.

They will then send boats to the mainland where they
will capture Thyleans and learn everything they can
from them. This happens very quickly while the heroes
are busy with their own affairs. Within a few weeks, the
heroes might have the following encounter:




A fine galley ship sails towards your party. As it
approaches, you find that the vessel is crewed and
captained by a group of humanoid insects, the curious
myrmekes you encountered not long ago.
Despite the short amount of time that has passed,
the myrmekes have changed considerably. They now
wear bronze armor and wield bronze weapons. They
are no longer the friendly and inquisitive creatures of
Titan's Folly. As these myrmekes approach, they look
positively defiant and warlike.


The ship is crewed by 30 myrmekes warriors. The
myrmekes will attack the party's ship using tactics that
would impress even the most jaded Aresian warrior
monk. Six myrmekes warriors bombard the heroes with
rays of frost as a disciplined phalanx of ten myrmekes
warriors attempts to board the ship.
If the heroes are able to survive this encounter, they
begin to hear rumors of armies of insect men conquering outlying towns and villages. Initially the stories
describe armies of hundreds of myrmekes, but after one
month, the rumors describe an unstoppable army of
more than a thousand myrmekes with advanced magic
and siege weapons.
The myrmekes grow more advanced with each passing month, and the size of their army doubles just as
quickly. If they aren't stopped, they will conquer all of
Thylea and convert it into one giant ant colony. Then
they will seek out new lands to conquer. These events
are beyond the scope of this book, but they might form
the basis of a future campaign.

Fire Island




Crystal clear blue water and a handful of smaller islands
surround the landmass you are approaching. Dense
tropical foliage covers the islands, and you can hear the
cacophonous sounds of abundant wildlife.
An impressive black mountain rises from the jungle
at the center of the main island, and the smell of
smoke and brimstone hangs in the air.


154

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf



Fire Island is almost completely surrounded by a coral
reef, although careful seamanship can find a channel
through the shoal waters. Beyond the coral reef, the
waters are calm and a ship can easily anchor.
As its name suggests, Fire Island is formed around an
active volcano, which occasionally belches ash and fiery
embers into the air, making it dangerous to approach.
Currently, the volcano is quiet, with just a thin trail of
smoke snaking into the sky above the caldera.



Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

155

156

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

Lizardfolk Tribes
Fire Island is inhabited by several tribes of lizardfolk,
who are engaged in endless, brutal wars against one
other. The strongest tribe boasts 350 warriors. They
are called the Firewalkers, because they control the
land around the central volcano.
The Firewalkers
The Firewalkers are led by Jankor (NE lizard king),
who is served by three lizardfolk shamans and a pair
of cyclopes. A flock of pteranodons that have been
domesticated by the tribe can be seen flying during the
day, hunting or spying on the other lizardfolk tribes.
The Lesser Tribes
Three lesser tribes, comprising several hundred warriors
each, control the outer parts of the island. Each of these
tribes is led by a lizard queen with a lizardfolk shaman
as an advisor.
The Nameless God
All the lizardfolk of Fire Island, regardless of tribal
loyalty, worship a nameless deity that they believe sleeps
deep below the Cerulean Gulf. Firewalker shamans regularly sacrifice captives taken in battle, whether lizardfolk or outsiders, by hurling them into a volcanic fissure
to feed their sleeping god.

Creatures of Fire Island
Other than lizardfolk, the island has bountiful animal
life, including boar, deer, and other smaller mammals.
The streams and ponds of the island are often hunting
grounds for crocodiles or constrictor snakes. Giant
lizards are also plentiful on the island and have been
domesticated by all of the tribes as beasts of burden.

Sydon's Chosen Tribe
Vytha explains that the Firewalkers have been chosen by
Sydon to dominate Fire Island. The Lord of Storms gave
Jankor a powerful magical artifact and two cyclopes as
servants. In exchange, Jankor gave the Titan one of the
three brass dragon eggs that were hidden on the island.
Vytha believes that the other two eggs may be located
somewhere on in the volcano village.
Sydon's Interest in Fire Island
Tribes of lizardfolk wouldn't normally warrant the attention of the Lord of Storms. Sydon has intervened here
because his sister Chalcia is sealed away beneath the volcano, and he wishes to keep it that way. She is the 'sleeping god' worshipped by the lizardfolk. The Firewalkers'
daily sacrifices to the volcano ensure that this magical
seal remains intact.

The Celebratory Feast
If the heroes agree to assist her, Queen Vytha will hold
a great feast in their honor. She proudly explains that
her son is to be sacrificed and served as the celebratory meal. The heroes can turn down this “honorable
banquet," but in this case, Vytha will be insulted. She
believes that they are greedily demanding that she sacrifice one of her older, larger sons instead.

KEY LOCATIONS

The Brass Dragon
Centuries ago, the island was also home to an adult
brass dragon. However, it was killed by the Kraken
during one of its hunts over the nearby coral reefs. The
lizardfolk still tell stories of the battle between the two
creatures. The dragon left behind three dragon eggs,
which the lizardfolk have long sought after.

The Firewalkers dwell in a large wooden fort over
the mouth of the volcano. Jankor rules from here and
makes regular sacrifices by tossing victims into the
fiery pit.
The fort is constructed from sturdy wood, bamboo,
and thick vines. Some exotic materials have also been
used, including the shells of young dragon turtles and
the skeletal vertebrae from an enormous worm of some
kind. The main platform is level with the lip of the caldera, while other platforms step down into the volcano.
Many of the platforms are level with caves and tunnels
that have been dug into the wall of the caldera.

The Lizard Queen

Secret Path

When the heroes first land, they will be approached by
a lizardfolk shaman who is escorted by six lizardfolk.
They will ask the heroes to accompany them to see their
queen, who lives on the outskirts of the jungle.
Vytha (NE lizard queen) will implore the heroes
to aid her in defeating her mortal enemy, Jankor, the
king of the Firewalkers. She describes how Jankor has
corrupted the lizardfolk by turning away from the god in
the volcano and making sacrifices to Sydon instead.

A secret path provides another way into the fort. Vytha
knows the location of this path and will tell the heroes to
search for it on the north end of the caldera.

Platforms
All of the platforms in the fort are built on pillars of
bamboo and wood. Each is at least 10 ft. above the
surface of the caldera. It is possible to climb from the
caldera surface to a platform using the pillars, but this
requires a successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check.

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

157

V1. Main Entrance




The spine of some massive creature serves as a bridge
to the lizard king's fort. Ash darkens the crevices of the
otherwise bleached white bone. Even as the hot sun
beats down from a cloudless sky, you can sense an even
more oppressive heat radiating up from below.




The bridge leads from the caldera lip to the topmost
platform of the fort. It is guarded by four lizardfolk and
two salamanders. They will fight to the death.
The bridge was made from the vertebrae of a purple
worm, which came to the surface decades ago and died.
This happened on the same day that Jankor hatched, and
it was taken as a sign of his divine right to rule.

V2. Stables


V4. Secret Entrance








This large platform is where the giant lizard mounts
used by the lizardfolk are kept. Six giant lizards are
tethered to three stakes, and four lizardfolk keep
watch and care for the mounts. If the lizardfolk spot
any intruders, they will free the giant lizards and order
them to attack. The giant lizards are docile unless commanded to attack by one of the lizardfolk.

V3. Throne Room




The lizard king's throne room is located within what
appears to be an immense hollow turtle shell. Inside,
the king lounges upon his throne on a raised platform
in the center of the room. He is listening intently to
his advisor and drumming his clawed fingers against an
ornately-carved staff.
A fiery reptilian creature stands to one side of the
king. It has a muscular, humanoid upper body that
snakes down into a coiling tail. Even so, the most striking member of the king's party is a tiny, copper-colored
dragon that snores fitfully at his feet.


The throne room is built inside the enormous shell of
a dragon turtle. Jankor, the chosen mouthpiece of the
great god Sydon, claims to have killed the dragon turtle
with the help of the Lord of Storms. The truth is that its
corpse washed ashore after the creature died of old age.
Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf



Carefully hidden from prying eyes, a narrow stairway
has been carved into the cliff side. Below, a faint
orange glow shines through cracks in the volcano’s dark
crust, betraying the inferno beneath.



You come to a platform with a tethered group of
horse-sized monitor lizards that are being tended to by
lizardfolk. Despite their monstrous bulk and appearance, the large reptiles are docile. They occasionally
flick their tongues and grunt at their handlers.

158

Jankor (NE lizard king) has 120 hit points and carries
a staff of thunder and lightning. This staff was a gift
from Sydon, and it is the symbol of Jankor's right to
rule. Jankor is always accompanied by a loyal salamander and a bloodthirsty lizardfolk shaman. The brass
dragon wyrmling curled around his feet hatched one
year ago, and it is completely loyal to him.
Jankor is not immediately hostile to intruders, but
he will interrogate them and demand to know for what
purpose they have trespassed in his territory.
In battle, Jankor will use his staff to send out lightning
strikes against his foes. When reduced to 60 hit points,
he will use the thunder and lightning ability even if
that means hurting his own people. He will then try to
retreat to his chambers (V12).



A narrow path carved into the volcano winds down to
the egg chambers. This treacherous and narrow path is
not marked and requires a successful DC 12 Wisdom
(Perception) check to find it. In two places, the path has
been deliberately weakened, and someone not aware of
these passive traps must make a DC 10 Dexterity saving
throw when they step on the weakened section. Spotting
the weakened sections requires a DC 16 Wisdom
(Perception) check.
When stepped upon, the ground will crumble away,
and a failed saving throw causes one to plummet into
the caldera below. The drop will break through the crust
into the magma, causing 55 (10d10) fire damage to the
unfortunate creature that fell.

V5. Egg chambers




These chambers are relatively bare, except for the large
stone bowls scattered around the room that have been
gently packed with eggs and straw. Bright orangeand-red frilled snakes the size of men curl motionless
around each bowl. Two lizardfolk elders tend the
bowls, gingerly turning the eggs inside.



This cave is where the lizardfolk eggs are kept. The
eggs are kept warm, and guarded, by a half-dozen fire
snakes. Two lizardfolk shamans tend to the fire snakes
and the eggs. Both the shamans and fire snakes will
attack trespassers who enter the cave.



V6. Sleeping Chambers


V8. Chamber of worship




The chamber has three pairs of poles stuck into the
base of the platform. Sturdy nets and sheets have been
tied between these poles a few feet from the floor to
make hammocks. Three small wooden chests sit underneath these structures.




These platforms are where the lizardfolk sleep. At night,
there are always at least two lizardfolk asleep on the
hammocks. They make soft hissing sounds.
Treasure. There are three chests in the chamber. Each
chest contains 2d6 assorted gemstones worth 10 gp
each. Some of the gems are covered in dried blood.

V7. Wooden Walkways




Unlike the other walkways that connect the platforms
of the fort, this walkway has a pair of bronze stakes
on either end that holds it in place. The walkway is
thick and appears quite sturdy. A formidable-looking
lizardfolk with a large curved horn hanging at its waist
stands watch at the other end of the walkway.




You come to a large platform built upon half of an
enormous turtle shell. At the center of this space, two
lizardfolk shamans pray to a carved wooden statue
of an imposing man wielding a black glaive. The altar
beneath the statue has been carved with patterns
resembling waves and stained green-blue. Green gems
glitter from the statue’s three eye sockets.




This is the second largest platform in the complex and is
the other side of the enormous shell of a dragon turtle.
The chamber’s central feature is a 10 ft. tall wooden
statue of Sydon. During the day there are always two
lizardfolk shamans in this room, along with the king's
consort, a lazy lizard queen. These three will attack
intruders and fight to the death.
Treasure. The three eyes of the statue of Sydon are
emeralds worth 500 gp each. When the heroes touch the
statue, they hear a peal of thunder from the sky above.

V9. Cyclops Cave



Each of the marked walkways is guarded by a lizardfolk.
Each of these lizardfolk has a horn, and if they see enemies approaching, they will blow a fanfare to summon
four pteranodons from their roosts. It takes the pteranodons one round to arrive and attack.
The Walkway Traps
The walkways are sturdy, but the lizardfolk have built
them so that they can be easily destroyed in the event
of an invasion. On each side of the walkways are two
bronze stakes. Pulling out a stake requires a successful
DC 10 Strength check.
Pulling out a single stake makes a walkway bridge
unstable, and anyone on it must make a DC 10 Dexterity
saving throw or be thrown into the caldera below.
Anyone who does so will break through the crust into
the magma and take 55 (10d10) fire damage.
Pulling both stakes out makes the bridge collapse,
and anyone less than 10 feet from one end can attempt
a DC 10 Dexterity saving throw to leap to safety. Those
who are close to the center of the walkway must make a
DC 15 Dexterity saving throw to make the leap. Failure
means falling into the magma.
The King's Escape. When under attack, the lizardfolk
guards will wait until there is at least one enemy on the
walkway before removing a stake. However, if the lizard
king is fleeing from a pursuit by the heroes, he will
order his warriors to pull out one pin after he has safely
passed. They will wait until the heroes are crossing the
walkway to pull out the other stake.



Although a modest forge has been built into one side
of this cave, it is noticeably cooler in here than in the
rest of the fort. The cave’s sole resident, a 9-foot-tall
cyclops, sits at a stone table at the center of the room.
He wears a monocle over his eye, and he has remarkably nimble, ten-fingered hands. He is tinkering with
what appears to be a half-finished mechanical goat.
Other clockwork animals fill niches that have been
carved into the cavern wall opposite the forge.




The smith is Steros (see appendix). He is a jancan, a rare
breed of cyclops born with ten fingers on each hand and
ten toes on each foot. Jancan are natural blacksmiths,
although Steros is unusual in that he is somewhat of a
runt when compared to most of his kind.
Steros is not immediately hostile, and will try to make
conversation with anyone who enters his forge. He will,
however, use the power of his monocle to gain the upper
hand in any conversation or battle that takes place.
Steros the Jancan
Sydon sent Steros to serve the Firewalkers after their
previous jancan was captured in a raid by the Amazons
of Themis. The previous jancan was named Bront, and
he was Steros's father.
Since his arrival, Steros has built himself a small
forge that he keeps heated with the help of a pair of
fire snakes. Using this forge, he builds weapons for the
Firewalkers, a task that he considers to be beneath his
considerable skills. He spends most of his time tinkering
Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

159

Steros the Jancan

The Jancan's Request
Steros will switch to his blue lens in an attempt to charm
one of the heroes and convince them to find his missing
father. If they are willing to help him find Bront, then
he will build the heroes a mechanical animal of their
choice. However, the heroes must allow him to accompany them on their ship.
If he is threatened, Steros will release the fire snakes
as a bonus action, command any charmed heroes to
summon Firewalker reinforcements, and use the three
lenses to blast his enemies.
The Jancan's Contraptions
Steros's contraptions are mechanical versions of the
animals created by figurines of wondrous power. The owl
and the dog in this room work exactly like a serpentine
owl and an onyx dog. However, they will break down
after every six uses, or if they are reduced to 0 hit points.
The only way to repair them is to use tinker’s tools, and
the repairer must be proficient with them.
If the heroes agree to help Steros, then he will build
them their own mechanical beast. This will take him a
week of work aboard the Ultros. He can build a mechanical version of a golden lion, ivory goat of traveling,
serpentine owl, silver raven, or onyx dog.
The jancan's monocle is built for someone Large-sized
with the same poor eyesight as Steros. It cannot be used
except by someone with the same unique anatomy.

V10. Sacrificial Promontory
The Jancan have always fascinated me. How can such
brilliant smiths be born to common cyclopes, who barely
possess the power of speech? They are a rarity, to be sure,



but the best of them rival even my father, Volkan.

— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

with new and strange contraptions to amuse himself.
These mechanical contraptions are arranged in niches
carved into the cave. There are many creatures in the
niches, some of them unfinished, others smashed.
Steros’ most prized possession is the monocle that
he wears at all times. This has several lenses that can be
used, by swinging them into place inside the short frame:

• Red lens acts as eyes of the eagle.
• Blue lens acts as eyes of charming.
• Green lens acts as eyes of minute seeing.
• All three lenses together act as a circlet of blasting that



160

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf



This huge piece of obsidian juts out of the volcano wall
over the lava. This is where Jankor performs his sacrifices to the sleeping god. It is currently empty.
Sacrificial Offerings. If the Firewalkers capture
the heroes, they will bind their hands with ropes and
take them here to hold a ceremony that lasts 1 hour.
Afterwards, they will kick the heroes into the caldera.

V11. Prison platform




A dozen rough wooden cages are on this platform.
Three of the cages contain sullen lizardfolk prisoners.
The rest are empty. The prisoners’ sparse clothing and
decorations are very different from those of the two
guards keeping watch.

can be used every round.

He always keeps the red lens in place, so that he has
advantage on all of his Wisdom (Perception) checks
(passive Perception 14), and because they aid his work.



A large shining black rock juts out from the cliff over
the caldera. Its surface is smooth, creating a natural
platform that is linked to the rest of the fort with two
wooden walkways. A third walkway juts out towards
the center and ends abruptly above the lava.





This is where Jankor's prisoners are kept before they
are sacrificed. The prison platform is always guarded
by two lizardfolk.
Currently the cages are occupied by three lizardfolk
from Vytha's tribe. They are to be sacrificed, one at a
time, over the next three days. They will be suitably
grateful if rescued, and will accompany the heroes
and even fight for them if they are given any weapons.
Otherwise, they will flee to their home settlements.

he will show the heroes where Jankor has hidden a powerful magical weapon. If he wins, then he will eat one of
them. This seems like a fair deal to him.
Arm Wrestling. Because of the size difference,
Polyphorus will allow his opponent to use both arms
in the competition. The competition consists of three
opposed Strength checks. In theory, whoever wins
two of the checks will win the challenge. In practice,
Polyphorus will use the final check to try to devour his
opponent. He was lying about the weapon.

V12. King's Chambers




An obsidian entranceway leads into an artificial cave
dug into the side of the cliff. The furnishings within this
chamber are considerably more opulent than anywhere
else in the fort, with vivid silks, gilded furniture, and
voluminous pillows. At the chamber’s center, steam
rises from a stone vessel filled with crystalline liquid.
Four large, brightly colored snakes slither around the
vessel, pressing their bodies against it.


V14. The Volcano






The entrance to the king's chambers is built on another
obsidian promontory in the volcano’s side. The cave has
been dug into the wall of the caldera. It includes a bath
which is heated by four fire snakes. Jankor will make his
final stand here after he has retreated from the throne
room. He will order the fire snakes to attack.
Treasure. Jankor keeps his valuables in a pit sealed
with a locked bronze lid. Inside are 400 gp, 1,100 sp, two
emeralds worth 500 gp, and a sapphire worth 1,000 gp.

V15. Salamander Cave






Two black and orange creatures inhabit this largely
empty cavern. Each has a muscular humanoid torso
that tapers into an equally impressive serpent tail. To
one side of the cave is a clutch of large eggs sitting in a
stone nest. Some of the eggs are cracked open.



Inside this dark cave, an elderly, 15-foot-tall cyclops
sits on the ground. He appears to be in deep thought,
although his single eye is unfocused. He seems to have
been a powerful warrior in the past, but his once-muscular frame is now shrunken and bony with age.



The volcano basin is active and magma often bubbles through the crust. Fire snakes swim below in the
magma, and they can sense movement. Each round that
someone walks across the crust, there is a 10% chance
that a fire snake will attack from below.
The fire snake’s target must make a DC 15 Dexterity
saving throw or fall into the lava. Walking across the
crust inflicts 3 (1d6) fire damage per round, while falling
into magma inflicts 55 (10d10) fire damage per round.

V13. The Blind Elder




A thick crust of cooled volcanic rock covers most of the
caldera floor. Magma bubbles through in some places, and
the surface is covered in a network of glowing cracks. An
overwhelming smell of sulfur and smoke hangs in the air.





This cave is the home of Polyphorus, a blind cyclops,
and the chief advisor of King Jankor. Blindness has made
him different from other cyclopes. He is wiser (Wisdom
12) because of the time he spends lost in his own
thoughts, and he won’t attack immediately.
Polyphorus has a keen sense of smell, giving him
advantage on any Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely
upon smell (passive Perception 13). He has grown tired
of the food that the Firewalkers bring him, and he has a
powerful craving for mortal flesh.
When Polyphorus is alerted to intruders, he will sniff
the air and ask them to identify themselves. Once his
curiosity is satisfied, he will challenge one of the heroes
to an arm-wrestling match. He explains that if he loses,



A mated pair of salamanders dwell in this cave. These
salamanders are loyal to whichever of the lizardfolk
controls the volcano fort. They routinely give their
young fire snakes to King Jankor as tribute. There are
two freshly hatched fire snakes and a half-dozen other
eggs in the chamber.
Dragon Egg. One of the eggs in the salamander's nest
is different than the others. This is a brass dragon egg
that was left behind by the dragon that once laired on
Fire Island. The salamanders recently discovered the egg
and have been trying to hatch it.
Epic Paths: The Vanished One
The Oracle had a vision that the Vanished One would
find this egg and claim it as their own. Refer to the
Running the Epic Paths section for details.

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

161

I have often studied the lizardfolk of Fire

V16. Pteranodon Roost




A series of shallow caves, little more than ledges, have
been cut into the cliff side. These house dozens of
human-sized creatures that resemble scaly, featherless birds with membranous wings. Their seagull-like
squawking drowns out all other noises.


Island, for in
spite of their wicked natures, they venerate
the dragons.
They still tell legends of the Dragonlords,
who are said
to have attended a great feast at the volcano
before

the outbreak of the First War. Unlike the

cyclopes, the lizardfolk tribes immediately



dragons as the rightful rulers of Thylea.

Two dozen pteranodons roost here. They have been
trained to obey the orders of the lizard king and fly down
when summoned by the horns of the lizardfolk guards.

centaurs and
recognized the

—Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine

Island of Yonder
This rocky island is surrounded by shallows and other
dangers, which makes finding a place to anchor very
difficult. However, there is one small cove where a ship
can be anchored safely. From there, a narrow path leads
up to the island proper.

the lives of his men in a piecemeal fashion, and he will
not order them to fight to the death unless he has no
other choice. He is a dangerous man. For as long as the
heroes are on this island, they should feel the pressure
of Gaius and his forces breathing down their neck.
Chondrus, the master of the Great Library, is also
here. He is not loyal to Gaius, but he provides assistance
to the Order when called for. Both Gaius and Chondrus
were present when the heroes were called before King
Acastus, and they remember the heroes well.

Island Handout: Yonder
When the party arrives at Yonder, give your players a copy
of the Island of Yonder map.

History of Yonder




As your ship approaches this rocky island, a shallow
cove appears to be the best spot to lay anchor. Stained
and charred white marble and concrete ruins dot
the shore, and you can clearly see the bones of giant
humanoids. The relatively intact structures have doorways that are unusually tall and wide.
A tower near the cove is the only complete building
in sight. Although recently built, its foundations are
clearly much older and similar to the nearby ruins. From
a window in the tower, a six-armed cyclops looks out
at the sea, your ship, and you.




The Order of Sydon
The Island of Yonder has been taken over by the Order
of Sydon, a faction of zealots who are fiercely devoted to
Sydon, the Lord of Storms.
The Order intends to destroy the heroes. They are an
effective, organized force. Unlike some other groups in
the Cerulean Gulf, the Order of Sydon are highly coordinated and prepared for interlopers. This makes them far
more difficult to deal with than most of the dangers that
the heroes have encountered so far.
Gaius, the commander of the Order, is a very clever
leader and a cunning strategist. He will not throw away
162

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

This island was the ancient capital of the Gygan Empire
that once dominated much of Thylea. The gygans were
already in decline when the Dragonlords arrived, but
most of those that remained were wiped out in the First
War. The gygan communities and forts on Yonder were
razed by the Dragonlords in the last days of the struggle.
In the last decade, the Order of Sydon has made the
island their main base of operations. The few gygans
who still lived on the island were eager to work with the
Order and thereby gain favor with Sydon. They believe
that this, perhaps, is a chance to return to the glory of
ages past.
Structures and Ruins
Two buildings have been mostly reconstructed by the
Order and the gygans. One is a small tower close to the
cove that allows landfall. The other is a magnificent
library near the center of the island. The rest of the
island is covered in ruins from the ancient gygan civilization. There are a half-dozen sites that show broken
marble pillars and slabs of concrete, some of which are
partially charred by dragon fire.
The skeletal remains of gygans are everywhere in
these ruins. The few living gygans avoided the ruins out
of superstitious fear of the long dead. There are animals
on the island, but they are mostly seagulls and small
animals such as rats and shrews.

Ancient Grievances
The many ruins across the island have been mostly
picked clean by the Order of Sydon. All that remains
are the bones of the gygans who died five centuries ago.
The gygans who still live on Yonder leave these bones in
the open as a reminder of the evils that the Dragonlords
visited upon their people.
Because of the atrocities of Estor Arkelander, the
Ultros is a ship that the gygans have never forgotten, and
anyone who comes to the island aboard the legendary
ship will be an immediate target of the gygans' wrath.

in the tower unless ordered otherwise by Gaius or
Chondrus. However, if the Ultros makes anchor within
visible range of the tower, Marcion will be unable to stop
the two gygans in his garrison from going down to try
and kill anyone coming to shore.
Encounter: Confrontation
If Gaius learns that the heroes have made landfall, he
will send a war party to confront them.


An armored man riding a bull approaches you. His
steed is completely encased in metallic scales. He
wears a cerulean cape and a breastplate that has been
engraved with a red eye, the symbol of Sydon. A group
of soldiers and a six-armed cyclops march behind him.
As soon as they see your party, the monstrous bulls
charge toward you with a thunderous roar!

1. Garrison of Soldiers
This tower’s main purpose is to house a small garrison
of soldiers who protect the island and the Library. The
tower is guarded by a detachment of 16 soldiers from
the Order of Sydon and 2 gygans led by Marcion (LE
captain). One of the gygans is always on watch and will
alert the tower if he sees a ship approaching.
Once Marcion becomes aware of the heroes, he will
send one of his men to inform Gaius at the library.
Marcion will try to ensure that the garrison remains







Gaius has sent one of his captains mounted on a
gorgon, along with one gygan and six soldiers.

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

163

2. Ancient Library
The ancient library, now rebuilt, is in the middle of a
ruined gygan city. It is both the headquarters of the
Order’s supreme commander and the location of the
Order’s most important project. The path here from the
cove is easy to spot, as it is frequently used.
Sydon is obsessed with arcane lore and the Order are
gathering such knowledge from as many unique sources
as possible. They have been using three main methods:

• Gathering scrolls and tomes from across Thylea.
• Capturing shipwrecked sailors from the outer world.
• Using all sorts of magic to learn forbidden secrets.
Most of the Order think that the library is somehow
giving them information through such spells as contact
other plane and legend lore, but this is not all that has
been happening. Chondrus, the master of the library,
has been making deals with the yugoloths of Hades. The
library also has a half-dozen scholars (LE nobles) to
tend to the books and scrolls, along with four acolytes
who study arcane lore, conduct magical experiments,
and use divination magic to look beyond Thylea.
Finally, the library is also home to soldiers and gygans
under command of Gaius, the supreme commander of
the Order of Sydon.
Cliffs
The cliffs surrounding the library are 200 ft. in height.
The cliffs are steep and require a successful DC 15
Strength (Athletics) check to scale. The Order of Sydon
doesn’t patrol the cliffs, so it’s a dangerous but effective
way to stealthily gain entry to the library.
Doors
The doors of the library are all built for Large-sized
humanoids. Medium and smaller creatures need to use
an action to open the doors here.
Rousing the garrison
While Gaius may have learned that strangers have made
landfall on Yonder, he is confident that sending out one
of his captains should deal with the threat. The garrison
at the library will not become alert until intruders are
seen approaching the gates—or until a fight breaks out
inside the walls. If the library is alerted to intruders, all
of the soldiers in both barracks will be roused. The walls
and towers at the front gate will be reinforced, and a
warband will be dispatched to intercept the heroes. The
warband includes six soldiers, one gygan, and a captain
with orders to kill the heroes.
Commander Gaius
If the library hasn't been alerted, then Gaius can be
encountered in his quarters. However, if Gaius is alerted
to intruders, he will summon his mount, Argyn (LE
young silver dragon), and wait for her before engaging
in battle. Gaius can summon Argyn by blowing a whistle
that hangs around his neck.
164

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

Argyn is usually hunting dolphins and whales in the
waters close to the island, and it will take her about ten
minutes to return. If the heroes leave the library before
Argyn arrives, then Gaius will mount up and search for
their ship from the air. Once he finds the ship, he will
attempt to kill everyone onboard. If the heroes have not
yet encountered Sydon's fleet, then he may summon
them to his aid.

KEY LOCATIONS
Y1. Main Entrance




This road leads to a ruined city, which stands at the top
of a plateau. At the center of the ruined city is a massive
structure which appears to have been built by giants.
Color variations in the masonry suggest that this is an
ancient building that has recently been restored. The
massive bronze doors at the entrance stand closed. They
are engraved with images depicting six-armed cyclopes.
Despite the pristine condition of the building itself,
the statuary and carvings that surround it are crumbling. The most prominent statue is a six-armed figure
with a bronze cage where its head should be.




This is the entrance to the library, and the building is
in excellent condition. The statuary is mostly in ruins,
because none of the gygans on the island are artisans
capable of repairing such stonework. The two massive
bronze doors are always kept closed, but they are not
locked. The bronze doors are embossed with images
from the ancient gygan civilization, including scenes of
the gygans building their cities, worshipping the Titans,
and sailing the seas of Thylea.
Alarm Golem. The headless gygan statue is a stone
golem. Even though it has six arms, it still only gets
two slam attacks from its multiattack action. The stone
golem has a movement of 0, but the cage on its head
contains a pair of harpies. When the harpies spot
intruders, they use their luring song to get them to
approach the golem, which then smashes anyone who
comes close enough. Thanks to the cage, the harpies
have the benefit of three-quarters cover.

Y2. Tower
Three soldiers stand atop this tower and keep watch
day and night. If any of the soldiers spot intruders, one
of them will run to the library to alert Gaius.

Y3. Tower and Wall
This tower and wall are left unguarded. However, if the
library is alerted to intruders, all of the soldiers from the
barracks to the north will rush out and take positions at
the top of the tower and along the wall.

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

165

Y4. Central Courtyard




The library’s courtyard is an impressive open space. At
its center is another six armed statue with its head covered by a heavy cloth. Next to the statue is an ornate
fountain that has seen better days. The mechanism
that filled it has long since broken down, and the basin
has run dry.


This is where all the captains and the human soldiers
have their quarters. There is always a captain and six
soldiers present. At night, most of the garrison sleeps
here—a total of two captains and 24 soldiers.
Treasure. There are three chests in this room that
contain the personal items of the soldiers. In total, there
are 224 gp and 640 sp in the chests.

Y7. Gygan Barracks




This is the focal point of the library. The area serves
as a meeting place and a gymnasium. During the day,
the courtyard is always busy, with a captain, six soldiers, and one gygan exercising, eating and socializing.
Occasionally, scholars pass through, moving between
research assignments. If the library is alerted, all of the
soldiers will remain in the courtyard and join any battle
that breaks out at the gates or the stables.
Alarm Golem. The gygan statue is another stone
golem, arranged exactly as the one outside (Y1). In a
similar fashion, there are two harpies in a bronze cage
beneath the cloth. The cage is kept covered by the cloth
during the day, and the harpies sleep. At night, the cloth
is removed, and the harpies act as an alarm system.
Their singing will alert the library of intruders.



Y8. The Stables


The high ceiling of this chamber is supported by many
rows of fluted marble pillars. At the back of the chamber is a massive statue of Sydon. The statue is fifteen
feet in height, even though it sits upon a throne.


The temple is forbidden to everyone except Gaius,
Chondrus, and the acolytes. Any of these individuals
can communicate directly with Sydon by saying a prayer
while kneeling before the statue. There is a 50% chance
that Sydon will respond to such prayer, and the head of
the statue will animate.
Calling upon Sydon. If the library is attacked and the
battle is going poorly for the Order of Sydon, then Gaius
may come here to request advice or reinforcements.
Sydon will instruct Gaius to find his dragon Argyn and
then hunt down the intruders from the air once they
think they are safely away on their ship. If the heroes
have not yet battled against Sydon's fleet, then the Titan
may send the fleet after them at this point.





This room is sparsely furnished with a dozen bunk beds
lined up in two neat rows. Locked wooden chests sit
under several of the bunks.


166

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf





Sydon gifted several gorgons to be used as mounts by
Gaius and his captains. Two are currently kept in the
stables. One sickly gorgon is currently being tended by
two soldiers. The sickly gorgon has rust in his joints
that the soldiers are trying to polish out. As soon as they
notice intruders, the soldiers will attack with the sickly
gorgon (90 HP). The other gorgon will sit quietly in its
stall unless the sickly gorgon is killed.
Berserk Gorgon. The death wail of the sickly gorgon
makes the other gorgon go berserk, and it will try to
break out of its pen. Breaking out of its pen requires a
successful DC 20 Strength (Athletics) check, but it has
advantage due to its enraged state.

Y9. Entrance Hall




This pillared entrance hall has had frescoes recently
painted upon the ceiling. The frescoes portray a great
fleet of ships approaching a city that bears an uncanny
resemblance to Mytros. Flags bearing the symbol of
Sydon fly from the masts of the ships.

Y6. Barracks




These stables are modest but well-maintained. They
house what appear to be two bulls covered in metallic
scales. One of the creatures is thinner than the other,
and its joints are covered in a deep red rust. Two blueclad soldiers are moving rags across the bull’s rusted
ankles in forceful circular motions.






This is where all of the gygans have their quarters.
During the day, there is only one gygan sleeping here,
but at night, there are three sleeping in the barracks.

Y5. Temple of Sydon




The furniture in this room has been built to accommodate humanoids much larger than the average man. Its
furnishings are limited to a row of six bunk beds.





The hall is empty. Gaius had his men paint the scene in
anticipation of Sydon’s planned invasion. Written across
the top of the mural are the following words in Thylean:
GLORY TO SYDON
THE OATH OF PEACE IS ENDING

Y10. Mess Hall




In the center of this room, a long wooden table is covered in plates, mugs, and utensils of various sizes. Some
are human-sized, while others are sized for giants.


Mikhael has revealed many magical secrets under
interrogation, but he has never revealed his origins. He
is a shadow of his former self, and years of torture have
nearly broken him. If he is freed, he will quickly return
to the vigorous and vainglorious man he was once, years
before his capture. He strongly believes that the engine
of his airship can be salvaged and that he can probably
retrofit it to the Ultros or another ship.
Unless you want the heroes to have such a device,
Mikhael will be disappointed if he ever finds the wreck
of his ship, as the engine has been removed. It is lost
somewhere in the depths of the Cerulean Gulf.

Y12. Commander’s Quarters




These two small rooms are largely bare, save for a
single bed, a wooden chest, and a writing desk. One
of the rooms has a small statue of a bearded man with
three eyes. The figure has been carved in a style that
differs significantly from the crumbling statuary you
have encountered on the island thus far.

This room is empty of anything of value. If more than a
minute is spent in the room, there is a 25% chance that a
pair of gygans will arrive with plates of steaming food.

Y11. Prison Cells





This narrow hallway is lined with locked wooden doors.
Two soldiers stand guard. Although you cannot see
into the rooms beyond the doors, you can hear a man's
voice babbling incoherently from behind one of them.
You also notice a heavy keyring hanging from the belt
of one of the soldiers standing guard.


These cells contain prisoners from shipwrecked expeditions from the outer world. The cells are locked
and require a successful DC 20 Dexterity check using
thieves’ tools to open. Two soldiers are always present
here as guards. The keys to the cells are carried by one
of the guards.
Prisoner: The Old Man
A crazed, white-haired older man sits in his cell and
babbles endlessly. He no longer knows his name and
bears many scars from torture. If a greater restoration
spell is used on him, he will return to his senses. He
will call himself “Enigma” (CN mage) and he will help
the heroes confront Chondrus if they can return his
spellbook to him. He believes that his spellbook should
be located in the Great Library (Y14), but it is actually
located in the Sleeping Quarters (Y15).







The room with the statue is where Gaius (see appendix)
sleeps and works. The other room is for visiting guests.
Letters from Gaius. Many letters are scattered on
the writing desk in Gaius’ room. Mostly these letters
are communications between him and members of the
Order of Sydon in Mytros. Reading through the letters
reveals that Gaius is fanatical in his devotion to Sydon.
He believes that the Five must be stamped out and that
Sydon and his new pantheon will herald a golden age in
Thylea. He dreams of a time when the people of Thylea
can strike out into the rest of the world and conquer it.
Gaius also writes about his love for his dragon, Argyn.
He recently purchased a gift for her—a sapphire, her
favorite gemstone. She cannot take human form yet, and
she has been indifferent to most of his overtures.
Treasure. A small chest in the room contains 240 gp
and a brilliant blue sapphire worth 1,000 gp.
Letter to Sydon. Among the letters is one addressed
to the Lord of Storms himself. It reads:




Divine Sydon, Lord of All—
We have received thy orders, and we seek to execute
them faithfully. We are overjoyed to hear that thy fleets
have been readied for the invasion. Little time remains to
the accursed Oath, and the simpering masses of Mytros
will soon prostrate themselves at thy glorious feet, as is
right and proper.
We have but one concern, and that is the continued
presence of the horned mage, Lutheria's pet. He does not
participate in our daily sacrifices, and my men do not
trust him. Can he not be dismissed?

Prisoner: The Outsider
Mikhael (LG veteran) is the last survivor of an outsider
expedition that met its end in the Cerulean Gulf. He is
possibly the most valuable prisoner that the Order has
ever captured, because unlike other expeditions from
the outer world, Mikhael arrived in an airship. He and
his crew made it past the dangers of the Forgotten Sea,
but eventually, Sydon sent rocs to destroy the airship
and take its captain for interrogation.

—Thy eternal servant, Gaius




Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

167

Y13. Library Entrance




Two enormous bronze doors stand open, revealing the
main library building beyond. The library is a magnificent building with a broad set of stairs leading up to
its entrance. Its tall roof is supported by rows of fluted
marble pillars.




it safely would be very difficult. The ten most valuable
books are worth 1,000 gp each.
Research. Spending 1d6 hours researching in the
library is the equivalent of asking the Oracle one question about Thylea. If you choose, the information gained
from research can be misleading and out of date, thanks
to the great age of many of the books and scrolls.

Y15. Sleeping Quarters

The bronze doors are covered in depictions of the
once-great Gygan Empire. The figures shown here are
engaged in reading, writing, and learned conversation.
Scrolls, quills, and bound books have been carved into
the surrounding stonework.



Y14. The Great Library

There are a half-dozen bunk beds in this room. This is
where the scholars sleep.
Enigma's Spellbook. Enigma’s spellbook is lying open
on one of the desks here. Use the mage spell list.







The walls of this enormous room are lined with shelves
of books and scrolls that almost reach its staggeringly
high ceiling. A number of ladders also lean against
the walls, allowing access to even the highest tomes.
Six robed humans are busy studying and cleaning the
library’s contents while two gygans stand guard.




This room contains the greatest collection of knowledge
in all of Thylea. There are thousands of scrolls and hundreds of books that detail everything from history, religion,
poetry, heroic epics, geology, medicine, etc. There is also a
section devoted to magical knowledge including the nature
of magic, famous magicians, planar lore, and other topics.
Six scholars (LE acolytes) tend to the books in this
vast library during the day. Two gygans guard the
library at all times.

The Great Library contains several volumes about the dragons that disappeared at the end of the First War. Balmytria
is known to be dead, because her body is interred in her
tomb at Telamok. The other four dragons were last seen in
the vicinity of The Golden Heart. One book speculates that
the dragons were captured by the Titans, but Chondrus
has written notes in the margin suggesting that he knows
this to be false. He believes that they were not captured
but rather transformed into something else.



Y16. Laboratory


Stone tables take up most of this room. They are covered in glassware of various sizes and shapes, arcane
tools, and strange artifacts. Two humans are at one
table, where they are intently mixing ingredients into
beakers. Two others sit on the stone floor with their
eyes closed. One of the shelves is filled with glass vials
that contain rows of colorful liquids.



The Missing Dragons



You enter a room containing six bunk beds. These quarters are tidier and more comfortable than the soldiers’
barracks, with desks and shelves of books.





This chamber is where the acolytes spend their time
in magical studies, gathering knowledge by contacting
other planes. Chondrus has ordered them to work day
and night, in rotating shifts.
There are two acolytes in deep meditation. They are
oblivious to their surroundings unless they are shaken
by someone. The two standing acolytes are mixing
alchemical concoctions. They are so intent on their
work that they will ignore anyone who enters the room
for at least 1d6 rounds, unless they are interrupted.
Treasure. There are many potions in this room. The
shelf contains two potions of clairvoyance, a potion of
mind reading, a potion of superior healing, a potion of
longevity and a potion of heroism.

Y17. Chondrus’s Apartments
Treasure
The library contains a wealth of books and information
that the heroes may find useful.
Mythology. Every myth except for the Game of the
Gods can be found and read here. Refer to the Secrets
and Myths appendix for details.
Valuable Books. The entire collection of books in
the library is worth around 100,000 gp, but transporting
168

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf





These lavish quarters are a stark contrast to the austere
furnishings found throughout the rest of the library
complex. The room has silk curtains, ornate rugs, and
chairs and tables carved from fine wood. A gilded chest
sits by a large four-poster bed. A bronze bowl stands
atop a pillar of stone at the center of the room.




Chondrus (see appendix) is the arcane master who
runs the great library. As a high priest of Lutheria, he is
viewed with suspicion by the soldiers and gygans, but
Gaius has commanded them to follow the mage's orders.
Servant of Lutheria. Chondrus was once a part of
Lutheria's personal harem in Hypnos. She grew bored of
him and cast him out. Now, he seeks any way back into
her good graces. In desperation, he has contacted one of
the denizens of Hades, forming a pact with a powerful
arcanoloth. The arcanoloth has provided Chondrus with
magical secrets and information about the heroes. He
surrenders most of this knowledge to Sydon, but he has
kept some of it for his own purposes.
Confronting Chondrus
Unless Chondrus has been alerted, he can always be
found here communing with the arcanoloth, using the
bronze bowl in the middle of the room. His mezzoloth
servant stands in a corner, awaiting instructions.
Chondrus wields a dagger of defense. If he is alerted
to the presence of intruders, he will cast the invisibility
spell on himself and then lead the mezzoloth to search
for the heroes. His goal is to speak with them first.
Chondrus's Bargain. Chondrus realizes that nothing will win him more favor than delivering the heroes
directly to Lutheria. He will offer to join the party
and lead them to Hypnos, where he will plead their
case before the Lady of Dreams. In truth, he will do
everything possible to sabotage them in the Nether Sea
and deliver them to Lutheria helpless.
Epic Paths: The Dragonslayer
If the Dragonslayer is in the party, then Chondrus carries
the hero's greater artifact. In this case, he will offer the
item as part of his bargain.

The Bowl and the Missing Gear
The Bronze Bowl. If the heroes look into the bowl,
they will see the sly face of the arcanoloth staring back
at them. It will communicate with them telepathically
and try to convince the heroes to make a deal with it.
It offers extensive information about the Nether Sea in
exchange for an oath of service.
The Gilded Chest. The gilded chest in this room
holds the missing gear to the Antikythera device. It
is carefully wrapped in a white cloth. The chest also
contains Chondrus's spellbook, along with three rings
worth 250 gp each and 450 pp in coin.
The Antikythera's Missing Gear
The missing gear to the Antikythera device is required for
the heroes to navigate the Forgotten Sea. It's very important that the heroes don't miss this item.

Letter to Lutheria. On his desk, Chondrus has written a letter to Lutheria in Infernal. It reads:




Divine Lutheria, Mistress of Death—
The demon in the bowl has told me much about the
creatures imprisoned in the cubes of the Nether Sea. This
knowledge will be useful to thee, I am certain.
Seeking always to satisfy thy desire, I have faithfully
rendered seven years of service to thy insipid husband and
his sycophantic followers. What more must I do to once
again earn my place at thy rapturous feet?
—Thy eternal servant, Chondrus




Y18. Sacrificial Altar




A large stone altar sits out in the open. Piles of ashes
and charred wood sit atop the altar.




This is where offerings are given to Sydon. Searching
through the charred wood and ashes will reveal animal
bones mixed in with a few human bones.

Chrondus the
Arcane Master

170

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

Island of Themis
Themis is the largest island in the Cerulean Gulf and
consists of relatively flat grassland with small copses
of trees. There is one deep, safe bay on the western
edge of the island that is an ideal anchorage. Another
deep bay on the eastern edge of the island is too
dangerous for ships to enter due to jagged rocks that
break the surface.


Amazon Lifemates
Amazonian lifemates fight side-by-side with deadly
coordination. In the event that an Amazon witnesses the
death of her lifemate, she will enter a berserk state where
she gains advantage on all melee attacks. Enemies gain
advantage on attacks made against her in this state.


Your ship nears a large isle made up of flat grassland
only occasionally broken by small copses. From your
ship, you can see a herd of strange, speckled creatures
similar in appearance to horses but with ridiculously
long necks that can reach to the top of tall trees.


Themis has different fauna from the rest of Thylea,
including tropical animals such as antelopes, giraffes,
lions, hyenas, and rhinoceroses. Tales of these creatures
are told far and wide, but what truly makes the island
famous are its legendary denizens: the Amazons.
Island Handout: Themis
When the party arrives at Themis, give your players a
copy of the Island of Themis map.

Queen Thesilea



The Amazons of Themis are currently led by Queen
Thesilea VI, the sixth of her name and "first amongst
equals." Despite this title, Thesilea VI and her two
sisters rule the Amazons with absolute power, backed
by the authority of Lutheria. There has been no equality
among the Amazons for over a decade.
The three sisters wear sacred platinum helmets that
signify obedience to Lutheria and elevate them above
the rest of the sisterhood. The helmets also conceal a
dangerous truth: Thesilea and her sisters are actually
medusae who murdered the previous queen thirteen
years ago and replaced her. None of the other Amazons
on the island suspect this terrifying truth, and few
would believe it without damning evidence.

Death Cult of Lutheria

THE AMAZONS

Centuries ago, the Amazons of Themis were counted
among the diverse warrior-tribes of Indigo Island. But
during the First War, their forces were entirely shattered
by the armies of the Titans. Blaming their losses on the
frailty of the men who surrounded them, they sought to
isolate themselves from the rest of Thylea and create a
stronger society: a society dominated by female warriors. Accordingly, they retreated to the remote island of
Themis and established an isolated kingdom, unspoiled
by the weakness of men.
The Amazons are as racially diverse as the tribes
of Indigo Island, including elves, dwarves, gnomes,
and even native races such as sirens and minotaurs.
The Amazons define themselves as a sacred band of
warriors who always stand together as a sisterhood.
They train for combat from an early age, and once they
come of age, they form into pairs of sister-warriors:
lifemates.
There are only a few thousand Amazons on Themis,
but they are among the most feared warriors in all of
Thylea—brutal berserkers with no mercy. They have
been known to take prisoners for breeding purposes,
but most of them are executed.

When the imposter queen came to power thirteen
years ago, she converted all the shrines on the island
and enforced the worship of Lutheria. There was initial
resistance to this change, but it was soon quashed by
a campaign of fear and public execution. Those who
survived are grudgingly loyal to the throne.
Some of Lutheria’s servants dwell among the Amazons
to watch over them and ensure their loyalty. There is
a small band of maenads who rove across the island,
accompanied by their children (goatlings) and some
leering men (cultists). These are the only surviving men
on the island who are older than eighteen. Every night,
the band celebrates with a wild bacchanal that includes
drinking and sometimes bloodshed.

Creatures of Themis
The Amazons have domesticated some of the beasts on
Themis. They use rhinoceroses as mounts, and they
have trained the native basilisks to act as hounds. Most
Amazon warriors keep clockwork birds, called stimfay,
as loyal companions and scouts.

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

171

Encounter: Maenads

Men of Themis

If the heroes travel by night, they may encounter the
roving band of maenads.

Men are tolerated on the island only for the purposes of
procreation—they have no voice in civic affairs or in the
raising of children. Amazons disdain men as a rule, but
there are some who have a sympathetic opinion of the
weaker sex. Such women might love a man the way they
love a faithful dog—anything more would be taboo.
Men who are captured on the island may be thrown
into prison and evaluated for suitability as breeding
stock. Queen Thesilea keeps a small selection of young
men for this purpose at an underwater temple on a
small island off the coast of Themis. These men have
been raised since they were children to believe that they
are the favored sons of Lutheria. But on their eighteenth
birthdays, they are escorted out of the temple and
turned to stone.





The Amazons don’t build any permanent structures on
the island except for their prison. Instead, they travel
across the island and make temporary camps, usually of
10-20 Amazons and rhino mounts. Each camp is prepared for surprise raids and skirmishes with the other
camps. This perpetual “great game of war” is considered
essential to the Amazonian way of life.

Event: Amazon War Party

ENCOUNTERS

Once the Amazons know that there are outsiders on
Themis, they will dispatch a war band to capture them.

Encounter: Amazon hunting party



When the heroes first arrive on the island, they may
encounter a group of Amazons and basilisk “hounds”
hunting antelope.

Unless the heroes are all women, the four Amazon
warriors will attack on sight, declaring the party to be
trespassers and spies. Each of the Amazons is mounted
on a rhinoceros, and they will be aided in the fight by
the four basilisks. If the heroes are all women, then the
Amazons will surround them and insist that they must
be taken to their queen, Thesilea.

172

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf



You hear something rush over your head, carried on
a strong gust of wind. Six fierce-looking women hang
from mechanical birds that rapidly glide towards your
party. Once close to the ground, the women drop
down, tumble, and stand before you with their weapons drawn. The avian constructs wheel and continue
their descent towards your party.



A small herd of delicate antelope crosses your path.
Four suddenly stop. One looks back and immediately
turns to stone. The reason for its petrification quickly
becomes apparent as four eight-legged reptiles the
size of bulls burst into view. The creatures have been
fitted with harnesses that are held by a group of
athletic women riding strange beasts not far behind.
The mounts are just as strange as the hounds: they
are large, hairless animals with leathery gray hides and
horns protruding from their snouts.




The band consists of six maenads, a dozen goatlings,
and five leering men (NE cultists). They are all drunk
and engaged in fornication, drinking, gambling, dancing, and singing. If the heroes investigate, the men invite
them to join the party. They explain that this land is now
the domain of Lutheria, the Lady of Dreams, but the
Amazons are too proud to join their celebrations.
The maenads will attack the heroes if they refuse to
join in the revelry. The cultists have the poisoned condition due to their inebriated state.

War Camps and Skirmishes





Wild music, celebratory shouting, and primal grunting
fill the night air. You stumble into a hedonistic scene lit
by firelight. Some revelers dance and sing, while others
throw dice on the ground. By far the largest contingent
is the tangle of bodies rutting in the grass.
The group consists of six horned women, a dozen
creatures with the legs of goats, and five adult human
men. Though all of them appear to be drunk, the men
are particularly slow and awkward.





The six Amazon warriors drop down to attack the
heroes while their stimfay attack from the air. The
Amazon warriors are all lifemated pairs: when one of
them dies, their lifemate enters a berserker frenzy.
If the heroes are captured, they will be stripped of
their gear and taken to The Prisons (P7) in the Sacred
Temple. Once there, they will be imprisoned and later
questioned by Leah, one of Queen Thesilea’s sisters.

THE SACRED TEMPLE

The sacred temple of the Amazons is located on an
island in an eastern bay of Themis. This well-defended
complex is constructed entirely underground, and it
doubles as both a prison and a place of worship. The
Amazons who guard this temple are those who were



cruel and self-interested enough to embrace the worship
of Lutheria when Queen Thesilea came to power. They
scorn the rest of the Amazons as weaklings.
The main entrance to the temple is on the small rocky
outcrop of the island, above the high tide line. There are
two secret entrances located underwater which can be
used by someone who is willing to confront a hydra or
squeeze through a pipe. All of the Amazons know of the
two underwater entrances. The only way for the party to
learn about them is to interrogate one of the Amazons
that they encounter on the island.

The bronze doors are unlocked. This area is under guard
at all times by two Amazon warriors who will fight to
the death. They are lifemates, and if one dies, the other
goes into a berserker frenzy. If a fight breaks out, it may
be heard by Nura in the Basilisk Pens (P3), and she will
release her creatures to join the fight.

P3. Basilisk Pens


Ceilings
The ceilings throughout the temple are 10 feet high
unless otherwise noted.

Illumination
All of the rooms and hallways have a single brazier
hanging from the ceiling with a continual flame spell
providing light.



KEY LOCATIONS
P1. Island of Statues




A forest of life-sized human statues stands on the
island. The vast majority of these marble statues are
beautiful, naked young men. A handful are different,
belonging to one of two distinct groups. The first set
is a motley assortment of fit but average-looking men
of all ages. Some of these are engraved with tattoos or
scars, while others are missing one or more limbs.


This is a stable for the basilisks that the Amazons raise
as hounds. The pieces of rubble are taken from the statues outside and broken up into food for the basilisks.
There are four basilisks in the pens. Nura, a dwarven
Amazon warrior, acts as their keeper. She has raised
basilisks all of her life and loves the creatures more than
she loves any of her sisters. She enters a berserker frenzy
when one of them dies, as if it were her lifemate.
Nura will release the basilisks if she hears any combat
occurring in the Entry Chamber (P2). It takes her two
rounds to unlock the cages and come to the aid of her
embattled sisters.





You continue into the underground complex by way of
a well-constructed tunnel. A honeycomb-like structure
of large holes runs along one of the tunnel’s walls.
Occasional splashing and dripping noises reverberate
from these smaller tunnels. The atmosphere is humid
and smells of stagnant water.

By order of Queen Thesilea, when an Amazon male
reaches the age of 18, he is brought here and turned to
stone. These are the young male statues. Mixed in with
the hundreds of youthful males are older men, most of
whom were unfortunate sailors who had the bad luck to
shipwreck on Themis.
Guardian Golems. At the very center of the island is
a grand marble staircase that leads down to the prison
of the Amazons. The four statues at the entrance are
not petrified men but four marble golems, gifts to the
Amazonian queen from Lutheria. These golems will
attack anyone who is not an Amazon woman.



P2. Entry Chamber


The entrance to the underground complex beyond
is barred by a set of imposing bronze doors. Two
women sit at a table in front of the great doors. Both
are armed with swords and bows.




P4. Hydra Tunnels






This chamber has a set of pens constructed from
bronze, each able to hold an animal the size of a large
horse. Piles of white stone rubble lie just outside each
pen. Many of the shattered pieces are in the shapes
of human limbs and faces. The pens hold eight-legged
reptiles, and one of them makes a contented rumbling
noise as a stocky, muscular woman scratches the
underside of its chin.





The holes along the wall lead to the Hydra Lair (P5).
Small creatures, such as halflings, can crawl into the
holes, which are 2 ft. wide, and traverse the tunnels.
Hydra Trap. The hydra in the adjacent chamber uses
the holes to attack anyone who tries to traverse this
hallway without saying the proper command words. The
command words are “By the Grace of Lutheria.” Every
Amazon in the temple complex knows these words.
Portcullis Trap. There is a trap trigger plate at the
center of the hall that releases three portcullises if
someone steps on it. The trigger plate can be spotted
with a successful DC 18 Wisdom (Perception) check.
When activated, the portcullises will trap anyone in
Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

173

the hallway. Lifting one of them requires a combined
Strength of 30. The trap can be reset by pulling a lever in
the Amazon Barracks (P6).

stomach. If the hydra is cut open, there are two emerald
rings worth 1,000 gp each and a star sapphire medallion
worth 2,500 gp. The legendary sword, Titansbane, can
also be found within the hydra's stomach.

Hydra Heads

P6. Amazon Barracks

The Amazons have transformed this hydra into a monstrous and powerful guardian. A hydra can have a practical maximum of thirteen heads; beyond that count the
heads start to become more of a hindrance than a help,
and a hydra with more than thirteen heads will eat the
extra heads when it gets hungry.
Each extra head after the fifth one adds 10 HP to a
hydra’s hit point total to a maximum of 252 HP. When
a hydra gains more than thirteen heads, it stops gaining extra hit points and becomes unbalanced. The 14+
headed hydra’s heads have disadvantage on their attacks.
For each head after the thirteenth, the hydra's walk and
swim speed are reduced by 5 feet. A hydra with 19 heads
is therefore completely immobile.
The hydra in the Sacred Temple has ten heads (222
HP). The hydra is able to attack each 5 ft. square of the
hallway with two of its heads. If it is reduced to less than
five heads, it will retreat back to its lair.





Treasure
There are six chests in the room. They contain the personal possessions of the guards: each has an adamantine
dagger, 10d4 pp, and 1d6 gems (50 gp per gem).

P7. The Prisons


This cavern is the lair of a hydra. There is a bronze circular portal set into the floor that leads to the Temple of
Lutheria (P11). The pool of water gives the hydra access
to the outside, where it goes fishing when hungry. The
ceiling in this cavern is 20 feet high.
The Monstrous Gift. This hydra was a gift from
Lutheria to Queen Thesilea. She and her sister have
modified the hydra by cutting its heads off and allowing
more to regrow. While the Amazons have trained the
hydra to not attack the hallway when the correct words
are spoken, the monstrosity will always attack anyone
who enters its lair. It remembers its suffering at the
hands of the Amazons and is still angry.
Treasure
The hydra messily devours anyone who enters its lair,
and many of its victims' items are still lodged within its

174

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf





You come to a hallway lined with locked prison doors
of heavy oak. The only view of the cramped quarters
beyond is a small barred window in the center each
door. Two of the cells are occupied by lizardfolk, who
scratch at the door and plead with you in hissing
voices. The last cell houses a young woman with a scar
across her face. She is strangely quiet.

A large reptilian creature paces in the cave’s center.
Ten heads sprout from narrow snakelike necks, snapping occasionally at each other. The creature moves
unsteadily on its four limbs, which seem a little inadequate for the task of propelling its own awkwardly
distributed weight.
An array of identical two-foot-wide holes have been
bored into the cavern’s north wall. To the south, a pool
laps against the rocky subterranean shore.




This is where the temple guards sleep and eat. There are
usually two Amazon warriors here—cruel prison wardens who spend their time playing dice. There is a lever
on the north wall that can be used to raise and lower the
portcullises in the hallway outside (P4).

P5. Hydra Lair




Sets of bunk beds line the walls of this modest room.
Aside from the wooden chests that rest at the foot
of each bunk, the only other furniture of note is a
large circular table with a set of matching chairs
around it.





This prison houses anyone who is captured by the
Amazons. Currently, there are two lizardfolk who
were captured in a recent raid on Fire Island. These
lizardfolk are loyal to Vytha, the deposed lizard queen,
and they will work with any potential rescuers to
escape. They promise great rewards for the heroes if
they agree to rescue Bront, the jancan from the Forge
Room (P13), and bring him back to Fire Island to serve
their queen.
Darien, The Silent Prisoner
One of the cells holds Darien (NG Amazon warrior) who seems to be incapable of speaking. This
is because her prison cell has been permanently
enchanted with the silence spell. She is visited once
every few days by her loyal stimfay, who brings her
news of the outside world, including exciting tales of
the party's exploits.
Darien is the rightful heir to the throne of the
Amazons, but she has been captive here for thirteen



Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

175

years—ever since she was five years old. Thesilea
murdered her mother, the former queen, but not
before swearing an oath that she would allow Darien to
come of age unharmed. Accordingly, the girl was kept
silent and out of sight, while an imposter assumed the
throne.
The Rightful Queen. If the heroes release Darien
from her cell, then she begins to speak, haltingly. She
explains that the Amazons have been corrupted by
Lutheria. Thesilea and her sisters were once trusted
advisors to the throne—until something changed. They
cornered Darien's mother in her chambers and revealed
themselves to be inhuman monsters with snakes for hair.
They had been transformed into medusae and granted
dark powers by the Lady of Dreams.
The truth about Queen Thesilea is a secret known
only to Darien. She is eager to join with the heroes and
exact revenge upon the monsters who killed her mother.
She has spent her entire life training in her cell so that
she can one day reclaim the throne and banish all worship of Lutheria from Themis, restoring the Amazons to
a sisterhood of equals.

Darien the
Silent Prisoner

P8. The Stockroom




The walls of this room are lined with bunk beds. Fine
rugs line the floor and its residents—four unarmed
men—recline in chairs cushioned with velvet pillows.
The young men appear to be angry and confused at
your sudden intrusion into their reverie.




This is where the breeding stock of men are kept until
they come of age. There are usually four young men
in the room (CN commoners), with the rest in the
Breeding Chambers (P10). They have been raised since
birth to be absolutely loyal to the Amazons. They will
not attack intruders, but they won’t help them either.
If given a chance, the men will try to raise the alarm.
Attempts to convince them of their cruel situation
will fall upon deaf ears. They believe that they are the
blessed sons of Lutheria and that they will become
immortal when they are transformed into stone.
The heroes can shatter the beliefs of one of the men
with a successful DC 20 Charisma (Persuasion) check.
He will not be of much help, however, as his knowledge
is limited to the rooms on this level.

P9. Hall of Honors




This finely-appointed room stands empty except for
several bunk beds and a table. Lining the walls are
dozens of commemorative bronze medallions. Hanging
along the back wall is a large scroll with writing on it.




This chamber is used by the Amazons to reward the
victors of the great game of war that is played out across
the island each year. It is currently empty. The scroll on
the back wall bears the ancient code of the Amazons.
A SISTERHOOD OF EQUALS,
OUR STRENGTH FORGED IN BATTLE.
DEATH BEFORE DISHONOR!

P10. Breeding Chambers




The centerpieces of this luxurious room are its two
large beds, which are equipped with soft silks and pillows in vibrant shades of red. In one bed, two women
and three young men lie contorted around each other
in ecstasy. In the other bed, two scrawny goat-like
creatures perform acts that are slightly more profane.




This is where Thesilea's favored warriors breed with
their male stock. It is usually done in a religious fervor,
aided by the consumption of the Madon fungus. Usually
there are two Amazon warriors and three men (CN
commoners) in the room. In addition, there are two
goatling tricksters here enjoying themselves. None of
them have weapons, and they will only attack if they are
disturbed.

P11. Temple of Lutheria


Treasure. There is a small bronze chest under the
bed. Inside is a sending stone. The other stone is in
the possession of Moxena, the Lady of Coins from the
Colossus of Pythor (C6). Moxena is the sister of Leah and
Thesilea, but she has been away from Themis for more
than a decade. The chest also contains 100 gp and 75 pp,
and the key to Bront’s shackles.

P13. Forge Room


Cushions and chairs line the walls of this great, highceilinged, oblong room. At the opposite end of the
chamber stands a white marble statue of a horned
woman wielding a crystal scythe. The woman's eyes are
inlaid with black onyx, and her unearthly gaze seems to
follow you around the room.




This is not only a place of worship, but also where
Amazons are taken to give birth.
Statue of Lutheria. Anyone who touches the statue
must make a DC 20 Wisdom saving throw. On a failure,
they are rendered catatonic for 1 hour, during which
they experience horrifying visions of the Nether Sea.



P12. The Queen’s Chambers




These living quarters have been furnished by someone
with an eye for beauty and luxury. A woman and a
young man are making love on the room’s only bed.
Although otherwise completely naked, the woman is
still wearing the platinum helmet that symbolizes her
station as a ruler of the Amazons. A horned woman
serenades the couple with her pan flute, though her
music does little to silence the infant cries coming
from a cradle at the corner of the room.




This grand room is flanked by two elements: along
one wall, fires blaze within a massive forge; along the
opposite wall there is a pool of cold, clear water. An
anvil stands halfway between the two walls, and a pile
of bronze rubbish next to it reflects the light of the fire.
Upon closer inspection, the heap of bronze is half-finished mechanical birds the size of men. The room’s
only occupant is a male cyclops with strange hands. He
has ten fingers on each! One of his legs is chained to a
ring in the floor.





This is where the blacksmith, Bront (TN jancan), forges
weapons, armor and other constructs for the Amazons.
He is a prisoner here, having been captured during a
raid upon Fire Island. His ankle is shackled to the floor
by adamantine chain links. He has enough chain to
move about the room, but no more. The key to this
chain is held by Leah, the medusa, among her treasures.
Bront is scared and lonely. He wants to talk to anyone
who enters. Most of all, he wants to escape and return to
Fire Island, where he served Jankor, the lizardfolk king.
He might have been heartless and demanding, but he
was fair and treated him with a degree of respect.
If the heroes ask about the whereabouts of
Titansbane, the legendary sword, he will explain that
Thesilea grew annoyed with it and fed it to the hydra.



The doors to this room are always locked, as the chamber
is used by Queen Thesilea or her sisters when they are
visiting the temple. The lock requires a DC 15 Dexterity
check with thieves' tools to open.
Leah (CE medusa) is currently here, although she is
preoccupied by the company of one of the men from
the Stockroom (P8), while a maenad plays music for the
lovers. The cradle in a corner of the room holds two
goatling tricksters disguised as human infants.
Leah is the honored sister of Queen Thesilea. She will
not immediately remove her helmet in a fight. She will
wait until more than one of the heroes has engaged in
melee with her before doing so, to maximize the shock
value of her true powers. The young man will cower
beneath the sheets and avoid battle.

The Son of Bront
If Steros the Jancan is present with the party, he will
expect and then demand that his father be rescued. Bront
will be surprised to see Steros, as the last time the two of
them spoke was at Praxys. Bront was previously unaware
that his son replaced him on Fire Island.

Treasure
Hanging on the wall is a shield +1 with the symbol of
Lutheria is emblazoned upon it. The shield is a present
intended for Queen Thesilea at her next birthday.
There are several other finely-crafted weapons and
pieces of armor hanging on the walls, including two adamantine shortswords, an adamantine breastplate, and a
coat of mithral chain mail.
Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf

177

P14. Cooling Pipe

The Queen's War Party

This pipe feeds water into the pool in the Forge Room
(P13). Bront uses the water to quench heated metal that
he's working. The pipe is large enough for a Mediumsized creature (or smaller) to swim through.

If the heroes raid the Sacred Temple and escape, Queen
Thesilea will ride out and confront them when they try
to make their way back to their ship.


CONFRONTING
QUEEN THESILEA

There are two ways for the heroes to encounter and
confront Queen Thesilea. They may encounter her in
the Sacred Temple complex, or they may encounter her
on the way back to their ship.
Moxena's Secret Plot
If Moxena, the Lady of Coins, is present during this part
of the adventure, she will actively seek revenge upon
her sister, Thesilea. She will demand to accompany the
heroes when they land on Themis, and she will use disguise self to appear human until her goals are achieved.
When she meets Thesilea or Leah, she will start a
battle no matter what the heroes desire. Once her
sisters have been killed, Moxena will seize control of the
Sacred Temple and declare herself the new Queen of the
Amazons. Depending upon how the party has treated her,
she may allow the heroes to leave in peace.
If the party has been respectful towards Moxena, then
she will reward each hero with 500 gp in precious gemstones. However, if they have been disrespectful, then
she will order them all killed.
Moxena will do everything possible to undermine
Darien, who is the rightful queen. She wants only to
reclaim the power and position that her sisters denied
her. She has no interest in the Amazon code.

Inside the Temple
Within the Temple complex Queen Thesilea (NE
medusa) is always accompanied by her personal guard,
five fanatical Amazon warriors who are as cruel as she
is. They are willing to die for their queen, even if her
true nature is revealed. They go berserk if she is killed.
If Leah is still alive when the heroes meet Thesilea,
then she will immediately join the battle alongside her
sister. She and her sister will reveal their true natures
during the battle, in order to make use of their powers.
If the heroes are fighting alongside Darien, Thesilea's
guards consider her to be no more than an escaped
prisoner. Darien cannot claim the throne until Thesilea
has been defeated in battle. Moreover, Darien came of
age several months ago, so Thesilea is no longer oathbound—she is free to order Darien's execution.

178

Ch apter 5 | The Cerule a n Gulf



As you make your way across the island, a thunder of
animals can be heard in the distance, growing louder
over time. Soon, you make out the figures of six
female warriors riding towards you on stocky, horned
creatures. Each looks your way and begins nocking an
arrow. Their leader, a particularly regal figure, wears
a platinum helmet. In the sky above, six more warrior
women hang from large clockwork birds, which fly in
your direction.




The queen and her five riders (Amazon warriors) will
keep their distance and attack with bows. Six additional
Amazon warriors arrive with their stimfay, dropping
down to attack the heroes in close combat. The queen
and her warriors fight to the death.

The Death of the Queen
Once Thesilea and her sister have been killed, Amazon
tribes from across the island will arrive at the Sacred
Temple to arrest the remaining forces who were loyal to
the medusae. They grudgingly thank the heroes for their
assistance (preferring female heroes if possible).
At this point, the heroes may recommend Darien or
Moxena as the new queen, if either of them are present. Alternatively, if one of the heroes is an Amazonian
woman, they may claim the throne for themselves.
The Rightful Queen
Once Thesilea has been dealt with, the heroes may
present Darien as the rightful queen of the Amazons. She
can secure her claim by reciting a secret royal phrase in
the Temple of Lutheria (P11), which causes the statue of
Lutheria to crumble into dust.

The Queen's Treasure
Queen Thesilea carries a golden, gem-studded holy
symbol of Lutheria worth 1,000 gp. The platinum helmets worn by Thesilea and her sisters are worth 800 gp
each, but they are relics that have belonged to the true
queens of the Amazons for centuries.
Epic Paths: The Amazon Queen
If the Haunted One is in the party, then Queen Thesilea
also carries the greater family artifact that they seek.
Refer to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.

Chapter 6:

The Forgotten Sea
"The Forgotten Sea comprises thousands of
miles of ocean churned by storms, whirlpools, and
elemental magic. The waters are home to massive creatures, cyclopean ruins, and the tower of
the ocean god himself. You cannot conquer the
Forgotten Sea—you can only survive it."

T

—Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

he Forgotten Sea is the endless expanse
of ocean that stretches beyond the Cerulean
Gulf. This is the indisputable domain of Sydon,
the Lord of Storms. The sailors of Mytros and
Aresia know better than to cross through the narrow
straits of the Barrier Islands, because the Titan does not
suffer trespassers to live. Death awaits any mortal who
ventures into the territory of the ocean god.
There are hundreds of islands in the Forgotten Sea.
This chapter details those that are most significant to
the story of this book, but just about any adventure set
on a remote island could take place here. Feel free to
include encounters that would be unusual in the rest
of Thylea. Sydon may have recruited powerful outside
forces into his armies—or perhaps his storms have
simply shipwrecked them here.

Running the Adventure
The party's primary goal in the Forgotten Sea is to find
and confront the Titans. Sydon can be found in his
tower at Praxys, but Kyrah recommends confronting
Lutheria first. Both Titans are extremely dangerous, but
Sydon is protected by an entire army.
Lutheria can be found by seeking out an entrance to
the Nether Sea, but Kyrah doesn't know where to find
one. The party should eventually stumble into the massive whirlpool, Charybdis, which will take them there.

Dangerous Waters
Sailing the Forgotten Sea should feel more dangerous
than the Cerulean Gulf. Storms and encounters are
more frequent here, and the ocean is always rough,
pushing the crew of the Ultros to its limits.




As you sail into the Forgotten Sea, dark storm clouds
spread across the horizon and powerful waves crash
against the hull of your ship. Saltwater frequently rains
down upon the deck, drenching the crew. You suddenly
realize that sailing through these angry waters will
someday be counted among your many Great Labors.




Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a

179

Aerie of the Roc




Your ship approaches an island dominated by a single
massive mountain surrounded by steep cliffs. The
island is ringed by coral reefs and jagged rocks. Any
attempts to navigate a large ship near this island’s
rocky shores are likely to end in disaster.


This mountainous island soars 500 ft. into the air, has
no natural bays, and is surrounded by dangerous reefs
and rocky shallows. Approaching the island requires the
use of a rowboat. Navigating the rocks and reefs in the
rowboat requires a successful DC 15 Wisdom (Survival)
check. Magical transportation would also work.
The craggy island is the nesting place for a mated pair
of rocs who have produced a clutch of young—a once
per decade event. The rocs have been hunting aggressively to feed their voracious young. Normally, rocs
have enormous, world-spanning hunting grounds, but
this pair have confined themselves to the waters around
Thylea, in order to remain close to their nest. The rocs
are protective of their nest, making them more aggressive than they would typically be.

180

Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a



Climbing to the Nest
There are no easy paths up to the rocs’ nest. Climbing
requires three successful DC 18 Strength (Athletics)
checks. The party can make the climb easier by using
ropes and pitons. Falling from any height results in 30
(10d6) bludgeoning damage.
Other flying scavengers nest on the lower parts of the
island, eating whatever scraps that the rocs leave behind.
Amongst these scavengers are a half dozen perytons
nesting in a cave half way up the cliffs. The perytons are
hungry and thus very aggressive.

The Rocs' Nest




This massive nest is constructed from splintered tree
trunks and ship masts. The nest is splattered with
heaps of bird droppings, some of which seem to hide
salvage from destroyed ships. Six towering fledglings
with hooked beaks gaze at you hungrily.




Six fledgling rocs (use giant vulture statistics) live in
the nest. They won't leave the nest, but they will attack
anything that comes within pecking distance. Whenever
they reduce a target to zero hit points, they tear it apart
and devour it hungrily.
Treasure
Amid the droppings of the fledgling rocs are spoils from
the wreckage of many Thylean ships. Each hour spent

searching the nest turns up random treasure. Roll once
on the CR 5-10 treasure hoard table in the 5th Edition
Game Master's Guide for each hour. After three hours of
searching, everything has been discovered.
For each hour that the heroes spend searching, there
is a 20% cumulative chance of the two adult rocs returning to the nest (20% in the first hour, 40% in the second,
60% in the third).

The Garden of Helios




The island ahead is completely shrouded in fog. When
you sail close enough to properly see through this haze,
you find that rocky cliffs have formed a natural plateau,
elevating the island's landscape far above the water.
You can see shrubs and other plants spilling over the
top of the cliffs, and you hear the strange, trumpeting
calls of exotic beasts from farther inland.




This island is surrounded by enormous cliffs and perpetually surrounded by clouds and mist. There are a
couple of anchorages, but anyone landing faces a long
climb up to the island’s plateau-like top.
Most of the island consists of shrubs and grasslands,
but there is a sizeable forest in the center. A cyclops clan
has lived here for many centuries, and around 100 of
the giants still live on the island. There are 80 male and
female adults with 20 young (use ogre statistics for the
young cyclopes). The cyclopes spend their lives raising
large herds of elephants as cattle.

The Sun God
The island is ruled by a radiant, golden-haired man
named Helios (NE polymorphed adult gold dragon),
hence its name. He claims to be the sun god who was
once revered by all the mortal and giant races of Thylea,
long before the coming of the Dragonlords.
False God
It's true that Helios was once revered as a sun god, but
he never possessed any true divine power. He is merely
a dragon who masquerades as a god by dazzling his
worshippers with his polymorphed form.
Helios came here as a wyrmling 600 years ago, blown
off course while flying between continents. He makes
infrequent visits to mainland Thylea, mostly to check on
various ancient shrines that were constructed to honor
him, centuries ago. He is still revered by many small
tribes of native creatures, including cyclopes, nymphs,
centaurs, and satyrs.

Paranoid Dragon
Helios is suspicious of anyone who comes to his island.
Sydon warned him long ago that Thyleans would send
heroes to kill and flay him for his beautiful golden skin.
There is, indeed, an almost forgotten legend that the
skin of “the Sun God” grants immortality to any who
wear it, and one of the Ultros’ crew will mention it if
Helios is discussed when the heroes are aboard.
In spite of his understandably suspicious nature,
Helios is always pleased by the prospect of visitors. The
company of cyclopes leaves much to be desired as they
are crude, often violent folk. Helios also seeks knowledge about current events in Thylea. He will not reveal
his dragon form to visitors until he has decided whether
or not to devour them, or they directly attack him. The
heroes will be on the menu if he decides they represent a
threat to his domain, or to Sydon.

The Cyclops Army
Centuries ago, Helios swore an oath of service to Sydon
in order to protect his island. He has been training his
cyclopes to wear armor and to wield mauls, in preparation for the Titan’s forthcoming battle against the
mortals of Thylea. However, Helios cares for his cyclopes as if they were his children, and he dislikes the idea
of sending them to war.
Cyclopean Ruins. The cyclopes live in ancient stone
buildings that were built by the gygans a thousand
years ago. The buildings are now partial ruins, as the
cyclopes have not taken care of them. The creatures
live simple, but contented, lives tending to their herds
and competing in games of strength.
When he’s not training the cyclopes, Helios spends
his time on a small island just off the coast of the main
island. It is forested and rather beautiful. He lives in a
shallow lake at the center.
Armored Cyclopes
Each adult cyclops on the island has AC 16. Their multiattack action allows them to make two maul attacks.
Maul: Melee Weapon Attack, +9 to hit, reach 10 ft., one
target. Hit: 29 (6d6 + 6) bludgeoning damage.
Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a

181

The Feast
Helios awaits the party on the small island where he
makes his home. He takes his polymorphed form and
uses the full effect of his charm, his beauty, and his radiant golden jewelry to give the impression of a gracious
and generous “Sun God.”

Helios the
Sun God





You arrive at the prepared feast, set on a pristine sandy
beach that borders a crystal-clear pool at the center of
the small island. An elderly cyclops with a milky white
eye sets out plates of enormous cuts of roasted meat
on the ornate dining table before you. Your host stands
at the opposite end of the table.
Helios is an incredibly handsome man, made more
splendid by radiant jewelry and skin that nearly glows
with divine vigor. Sunlight glints from his golden hair,
which matches the burnished color of his eyes.




As the feast begins, Helios dismisses his guards,
leaving only Tolyphemus, an elderly and blind cyclops,
to serve the main dish of elephant meat. Tolyphemus
serves as the sun god’s chef and steward. He dislikes
mortals—human sailors blinded him years ago.
Helios politely converses with the heroes for a little
while. He asks about their heroic exploits and appears
duly impressed if they describe their deeds.
Epic Path: The Dragonslayer
Helios has long anticipated the arrival of the
Dragonslayer. He was told by the Fates that someone
from their family or village would one day kill him.
Consequently, he rained fire down upon their village,
but he could never confirm whether the Dragonslayer
survived. Now, he hopes to rectify his past failure. Refer
to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.

of the ancient
Indeed, I have heard tales
be radiant with
sun god, Helios. He is said to
surely he
gold, blinding to look upon. But

self.
cannot be as handsome as my
— Pythor, God of Battle

Battling Helios
Eventually, Helios grows bored with the heroes (particularly if they are boastful and arrogant) and decides that
they are to become the next course in his meal.

The Invitation



Helios sends a band of six cyclopes to greet visitors and
bring them into his presence. The cyclopes are quite
stupid, but they have been ordered to be gracious and
accommodating with guests. They speak of their master
with open reverence and invite the heroes to a feast:




“Great Sun God Helios welcome you to island. He send
warm greetings and invite you to feast! Thanks be to
Great Sun God. He is kind and generous master!”


182

Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a





Helios sighs heavily and stretches his arms.
“You seemed like such interesting guests, but this
party has grown dreadfully tedious. Fortunately, such
accomplished heroes as yourselves should make for a
truly delectable dessert.”
As he speaks, Helios begins to transform. Claws
grow from his hands, and his teeth multiply, spreading
into a broad, draconic grin. He towers over you now, a
massive dragon with lustrous golden scales.




Anger of the Furies
Since Helios has broken the law of guest friendship by
deciding to eat the heroes, he is subject to the curse of
the treacherous. If the battle starts to go very badly for
the heroes, you can choose to have an erinyes show
up to try and capture Helios. The erinyes will fly out of
the sky and begin to rain arrows down upon the gold
dragon. If this happens, read the following:


Treasure of the Sun God
Helios’s lair contains a massive hoard of 40,000 gp in
coins and precious jewels. The pride and joy of his
hoard is a beautiful golden chariot of dawn. Helios once
used this chariot to fly around Thylea, inspiring awe in
the primitive mortals who lived on the continent before
the coming of the Dragonlords. This was the origin of
his claim to be the Sun God.


A piercing scream from the sky interrupts the battle.
A woman dressed in heavy black armor, borne aloft by
a pair of red feathered wings, swoops towards Helios.
Her face is contorted in unbridled rage as she strikes at
the dragon with her longsword!


When Helios is reduced to 50 hit points or less, he
transforms back into his human form and begs for
forgiveness. The erinyes will ignore his pleas and use
her rope of entanglement to restrain him. She will then
teleport away with Helios to the Island of Oathbreakers
in the Nether Sea (N5). If the heroes haven’t visited the
Island of Oathbreakers, you might want to make a note
that Helios is imprisoned there for when they do visit.

Epic Path: The Gifted One
The Gifted One discovers the instant fortress in this treasure hoard. This is the Fortress of the Dragonlords. Refer
to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.


t I fear more
There is only one power in Thylea tha
aera and
than the Lady of Dreams: the Furies. Meg
. Those who
her sisters are not to be trifled with
n this.
disrespect the laws of Thylea soon lear
— Chondrus, PriEst of Lutheria
Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a

183

Island of the Dragon




You approach what appears to be a tropical paradise,
an island surrounded by calm, clear waters with pink
sandy beaches that make for easy landfalls. A mountain
stands above the dense jungle at the island’s center,
and many idyllic waterfalls cascade down from this
impressive central rock formation.




This island has several lagoons that make excellent
harbors, as well as beautiful inlets where a ship can be
beached. It is easy to make landing at almost any spot on
the island’s coastline.
Hexia, an adult green dragon, lives here. Her foul
influence has leached into the landscape, causing the
jungles to grow unnaturally thick with trees, vines, and
underbrush. After landing at the beach, it's difficult to
move through the interior of the island.
All of the animal life on the island, large and small, act
as Hexia’s eyes and ears. Like a jealous goddess, she is
aware of everything that happens on her island, which
serves as her personal hunting ground. She eats the deer
and boar that thrive in the jungles, but each month on
the full moon, she goes hunting for sweeter meat.
Hexia's Secret History
Hexia has lived in Thylea for over five centuries. She
is the adopted sister of Kyrah, Pythor, and Vallus, and
was raised by the dragons Volkan and Balmytria. Hexia’s
mother, an ancient green, had been terrorizing some
long-forgotten country in the Old World, and the
Dragonlords slew her. Volkan took her under his wing,
quite literally.
Hexia always sought Pythor’s affections, and the two
of them were eventually married. It did not work out. She
never forgave him for giving up his dragon form when he
became the God of Battle. She became intensely jealous
of his many consorts, seeing them as rivals for the love
that should rightly be hers.
This bitterness has eaten away all the goodness
that Hexia's adoptive parents instilled in her. She is evil
now, and utterly without mercy. She has taken revenge
upon numerous mortal men and women who have been
Pythor's consorts over the last several centuries.

Hexia the
Green Dragon

184

Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a

Elves of the Island
The island is stocked with elves—Hexia's favorite prey.
Several hundred elves live on the island, forced to live
like savages under constant threat of death. Whenever
they try to build homes or anything else, like a ship or
raft, Hexia arrives and tears it apart.
The few times the elves have managed to launch an
escape, Hexia has brought them back to the island,
always making sure to eat an escapee or two to maintain
her reign of terror. Causing fear and dread is part of her
regular hunting pattern, as she harries the elves during
the night before finally devouring one. Eating elves isn’t
enough to keep Hexia properly fed, of course; she does it
because she loves to torment them.
The tribes consists of several hundred elves (CG
tribal warriors) along with several dozen children. They
are led by six elves from warlike cultures—four Aresian
LN warrior monks and two NE Amazon warriors.
The Aresians are determined to survive, hoping that
salvation will eventually arrive. The Amazons want to go
out in a blaze of glory and attack the green dragon in her
lair, even though they know that there would be no real
chance of success.

Event: Meeting the Elves
Hexia will not reveal herself when the heroes arrive.
She will allow them onto the island and to make contact
with the elves. Within an hour of arriving on the island

the heroes will be met by two elf warriors (LN warrior
monk and NE amazon warrior) leading a band of a
dozen elves (CG tribal warriors):




As you move through the jungle, you begin to feel that
you are being watched by many dozens of eyes. You
suddenly find yourself surrounded. Twelve camouflaged elves emerge from the foliage around you.
Despite their apparent unease, they keep their weapons stowed. Two of them step forward to speak.


The two elves introduce themselves as Darok (LN warrior monk) and Patrea (NE Amazon warrior). They
ask why the heroes have come to Hexia's island. They
have had no news of the mainland for centuries and are
very much in the dark about the prophecy.
Eventually, the elven leaders resolve that the heroes
have been sent by the gods. They interpret the party's
arrival as a sign that the dragon must be confronted,
once and for all. Their situation is desperate, and they
have lived in fear for too long.

The elves ask the party to join them in seeking out
Hexia's lair at the center of the island. If Hexia can be
defeated, then the heroes are welcome to the dragon's
treasure hoard—the elves have no use for it. Two of the
Aresians will remain behind to defend the tribe.

Event: Hunted by Hexia



Hexia will almost certainly be aware of the arrival of
intruders. She views the heroes as interesting prey and
will play a game of cat and mouse with them.
Dragon's Lair Effects. Hexia has access to all of the
lair actions of an adult green dragon, and the entire
island is subject to the regional effects of a green dragon.
As the heroes get close to Hexia’s lair, they will find
themselves in a labyrinth of thorny thickets. Hexia will
launch a few hit-and-run attacks from stealth and then
lay in wait for them in her lair.
Kidnapping Pythor. If Pythor is aboard the Ultros,
then Hexia will kidnap him while the heroes are away
from the ship. She will keep him in her lair and ignore
the approach of the heroes. If they invade her lair, she
will fly into a jealous rage and fight to the death.
Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a

185

1. Hexia’s Lair

2. Lair of the Kraken

Hexia lives in a grove at the center of the island, halfway up the mountain. There are no trails leading to this
grove. Climbing the cliffs above and below it requires a
successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check.

Hexia is not the only powerful creature that lairs on
the island. The following encounter is entirely optional
and is a challenge beyond the power of most heroes.
Whether the elves or Hexia have discovered the existence of the Kraken is entirely up to you.





This beautiful grove surrounds a crystal-clear pool,
which is fed by a single waterfall. The trees here are
decorated with the bones of elves and animals, which
have been arranged into flower-like shapes. Massive
piles of glittering coins, gemstones, and artifacts are
scattered throughout the pool.






Standing on this sandy pink beach, you notice a jagged
rock formation, not far from shore. A strange symbol
has been carved into the rock facing the main island. It
looks like a bulbous creature with eight snake-like arms.



Epic Path: The Demi-god
The Demi-god's mother, Ophea, has been held captive
here for decades. She has survived by flattering the dragon
with a new story about Pythor each full moon, casting the
god as a fickle lover who secretly loves Hexia. Refer to the
Running the Epic Paths section for more information.

Treasure Hoard
The crystal-clear pool is lined with 50,000 gold coins
and 50,000 silver coins. Buried throughout the silver and
gold coins are artifacts from Thylea’s history. The most
valuable artifacts are a gold crown that was worn by one
of the queens of Mytros (7,500 gp); a platinum cup inset
with emeralds with the images of the Five (10,000 gp);
and a gold dragon comb (3,000 gp).
There are also two dozen less valuable objects,
including bracelets, cups, rings, necklaces, and musical
instruments (each worth 250 gp), and 80 pale green
chrysoberyl gemstones (100 gp each), 20 dark green
alexandrites (500 gp each), and 12 emeralds (1,000 gp
each). Finally, there is a single adamantine ingot.

The jagged rock island is several hundred feet from
shore. This is actually the tip of an underwater mountain that is the lair of the Kraken, perhaps the single
most dangerous creature in all of Thylea.
The Kraken serves only itself. It is the enemy of every
other living creature in Thylea, including the Titans. It
bears a strong hatred for Sydon, who has foiled many of
its schemes to wrest away control of the oceans.
The Kraken spends about a fifth of its time in its lair
and the rest of its time travelling. It roams the oceans
around Thylea and travels to other planes of existence
using a cubic gate. This means that there is a 20% chance
that the Kraken will be home when the heroes visit.
The Kraken's Silver Sphere
The Kraken’s lair is in the dark, crushing depths—nearly
a mile beneath the ocean. It is accessed by an underwater tunnel that emerges into a perfect, silver-coated
sphere 250 ft. in diameter.
The Sphere. Depictions of every god in the world are
inscribed into its silver surface. If it could be mined,
the silver would be the equivalent of 10 million sp. The
chamber is always guarded by a nycaloth that is bound
in service to the Kraken. It is desperate in defense of the
lair. It has sworn an oath of service to the Kraken, and
failure to destroy trespassers would subject it to horrifying punishments on the plane of Hades.
The Kraken's Treasure
The Kraken possess two powerful magical artifacts that
it uses for its own fell purposes. It possesses a cubic gate
that it uses to travel the planes, and it keeps this item
close at all times. But the “crown jewel” in the Kraken's
collection is an orb of dragonkind.
The Dragon Orb. This orb rests on a gold pillar at
the bottom of the sphere. How the Kraken obtained this
orb is a mystery, but it must have involved pacts with
denizens of the Abyss, Hades, or Gehenna. The Kraken
intends to use the orb to battle against the Five Gods,
once they've resumed their dragon forms.
Junk Pit. Most of the items that the Kraken takes
from destroyed ships are of no use to it, so it throws
them into a refuse pit outside of its spherical lair. This
pit is now filled with gold, silver, copper, chests, jewelry,

186

Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a



Diving into the Depths
Volkan can construct dive suits for the party. This is the
only realistic possibility for getting down into the lair of
the Kraken without using powerful magic. Each dive suit
takes Volkan one week to construct and resembles an
unwieldy suit of plate armor with an oversized helmet.
The suit is entirely airtight. Fighting or casting spells in
the dive suit is impossible.
Reaching the Lair. Using a dive suit, it takes one hour
to reach the Kraken's lair. For each hour spent in the lair,
there is a 20% chance that the Kraken will return.

and gems. For every hour spent searching the pile, roll
on the Treasure Hoard Table in the 5th Edition Game
Master's Guide for challenge rating 11-16. After twelve
rolls, the hoard is exhausted of all recoverable items.
The Crushing Depths
The pressure of the ocean at this depth is deadly to any
creature that is not explicitly immune to such damage.
The pressure deals out 3 (1d6) bludgeoning damage every
round. Spells or abilities with water breathing effects do
not protect against this damage.

Typhon, the Maw




The sea grows rough as a massive volcanic island comes
into view. Its central peak belches thick black smoke and
white-hot lava. Although you can see black sand beaches
on the shore, choppy waters and the ring of jagged rocks
protruding from the sea make a safe landfall challenging.


The waters around this island are always rough. There
are a couple of black, sandy beaches where landings can be made, but navigating through the rocks
that surround the island requires a successful DC 15
Wisdom (Survival) check. On a failure, the ship takes
250 damage to its hull that must be repaired.
This island is called Typhon, but it has several other
names: the “Island of Horror,” the “Island of the Maw,”



and the “Father of Monsters.” At the center of the island
is a scar in the fabric of reality, a gaping pit that connects
the mortal world to the plane of Hades. Legend has it
that many of the warped monstrosities that haunt the
world came from here—hence its name.
Throughout history, many individuals have come here
seeking power, but no one leaves the island without
being twisted in some unexpected way. Terrible creatures such as the chimera and the manticore are thought
to have first spawned upon this island.
The island is an active volcano that towers nearly a
mile into the sky, with flaming rivers of molten rocks
running down the sides and boiling into the ocean.
There is no easy way up its slopes, but for those willing to make the journey, there are three different cave
entrances that lead into the Maw.

The Cave of Excess


The Cave of Vulgarity




Immediately upon entering this cave, you are struck by
the rank odor of feces, stale sweat, and rotting meat.
Half-eaten fish fins, cracked bones, and humanoid
appendages litter the floor before you.
Farther into the cave, you find a grotesquely bloated
man with a canine head lying back in a pile of filth. The
disgusting creature fixes a hungry gaze on you.




The creature is an arcanaloth that uses this cave as
a lair. Unlike most of its kind, it is immensely fat and
spends much of its time wallowing in a pit of its own
filth. It no longer has a fly speed, and its walk speed
is only 15 ft. It summons mezzoloths to fish in the
ocean and bring it back fresh food. It prefers dolphins,
mermen, and occasionally, trespassing mortals. Its appetites change by the moment. Its cave is scattered with
half-eaten corpses of all of those creatures.
The arcanaloth doesn’t attack immediately. It calls
itself“Hunger,” and it demands food from the party. It
will allow a hero to pass through its cave into the Maw
if given a proper sacrifice of food. Livestock totaling 500
pounds or more will satisfy it.
If a fight breaks out, there is a 25% chance that 1d4
mezzoloths will return with food for the arcanaloth
within 1d6 rounds. They will fight to the death.

The Cave of Vanity




The halls of this cave are lined with extremely lifelike
marble statues, some broken. Each depicts a beautiful
woman with a face showing abject fear.
A slithering noise deeper inside the cavern draws
your attention to the mistress of this cave: a towering
woman with scaly skin, a muscular serpentine lower
body, and a swarm of writhing snakes in place of hair.


Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a







The incubus who lives in this cave generally takes on
the appearance of a male satyr. He possesses a rod of
rulership, which he activates at sunset each day to take
control of all of his captives. It amuses him to transform
his captives into mindless revelers every night. At dawn,
he forces them into a bronze cage and leaves the cave to
hunt for fresh meat on the island.
The incubus’s captives include two satyrs, one male
oread, and one female aurae nymph. There are also
sailors from across Thylea, including an Aresian warrior
(LN warrior monk), two Amazons (NE amazon warriors), and a Mytrosian soldier (LG captain). When under
the influence of the rod of rulership, these mind-controlled captives are unabashed pleasure-seekers who
defend their master to the death.
During the daytime, the captives hunger for freedom and revenge against the incubus. They will help
the heroes in any way they can. Unlocking the cages
requires a successful DC 20 Dexterity check with
thieves' tools. The incubus returns at sunset.

The Maw

A eurayle medusa lives in this cave. She has an arrangement with Moxena, the Lady of Coins, who delivers
beautiful women to the medusa in exchange for abyssal
secrets from the Maw.
The eurayle likes to toy with her victims before
turning them to stone, so she will attempt to pick off
the heroes individually. She hides in the shadows and
creates distracting sounds to encourage the party to
split up and investigate. She has an intimate knowledge
of the cave layout. She strikes suddenly and without
warning.
Treasure. One of the petrified heroes in the room
carries a mace of smiting. It cannot be removed from
his grip without curing his petrification or shattering
the hand that wields the mace.
188



Moans and screams can be heard from within this
cave mouth, growing louder as you move inside.
After a few minutes of walking, you come to a
large, dimly-lit cavern. There, a man with the legs of a
goat and great black curved horns reclines on a rocky
throne. In his hands he holds an ornate gold scepter,
which he fondles as he gazes at the spectacle at his
feet: a wine-soaked bacchanal of revelers indulging
their carnal passions.

The Maw is the central cone of the volcano. It is filled
with a fiery maelstrom of magma that slowly circles
the black pit at its center. The magma empties into this
pit of blackness and thus keeps the volcano relatively
stable—the island never grows larger.
Falling into the pit means almost certain death. The
magma inflicts 55 (10d10) fire damage per round.
Anyone who survives is sucked into the black vortex,
which leads to the plane of Hades.
Hades is a barren place, leached of all color and bleak
with despair. Ash constantly rains from the sky, spewed
forth by volcanic peaks that stick out of the blasted
wasteland. The fate of anyone who remains too long
in this realm of wickedness is to be transformed into a
writhing larva, a slug-like creature.
Tempting Whispers
Anyone who looks into the Maw can hear two whispering voices. One voice makes promises of great rewards
for any brave enough to enter the Maw, while the other

voice threatens dire consequences for not plunging
into the pit. Anyone who listens to the whispers risks
madness and worse, but there is also the possibility of
gaining great power.
For each round that a hero spends listening to the
whispers in the Maw, roll on the Effects of the Maw table
and consult the Gift column. Add +10% to the roll for
each round spent listening after the first.
If the listener accepts the gift, then roll on the Curse
column of the table, using the same bonus that was used
for the Gift roll. If the listener becomes afflicted with the
curse of the harpy or the curse of the medusa, then refer to
Introduction: The Laws of Thylea for details. Do not tell
the player that they have been afflicted by a curse at this
point. They will discover the curse over the days to come.

madness which includes a permanent fear of the Island
of the Maw. They will want to leave the island by the
quickest possible route. This fear of the island and the
indefinite madness are permanent unless cured by
greater restoration. If the madness is cured, then the
voices will never speak to the listener again.
Effects of the Maw
d100

Gift

Curse

1-25

Charm of
Darkvision

none

26-50

Benefits of the
heroes feast spell
for 24 hours

none

51-60

Benefits of the
foresight spell for
24 hours

none

The Cursed One must leap into the Maw in order to
discover the truth about their curse. If they have the
protective artifact from the Lotus Witch, then they
suffer no ill effects from the Maw, although they do
hear the whispers.
The Cursed Ancestor. Inside the Maw, the Cursed One
is transported to the plane of Hades, where their cursed
ancestor awaits them, guarded by a fully-grown cerberus.
Refer to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.

61-70

Charm of
Vitality

none

71-80

Charm of
Heroism

none

81-90

Blessing of
Wound Closure

Afflicted by a blinding
sickness contagion spell
for 7 days with no save

91-93

Blessing of
Protection

Afflicted by a flesh rot
contagion spell for
7 days with no save

Madness of the Maw
The first round spent listening doesn’t inflict any madness on the listener. The second round requires a DC
15 Wisdom saving throw or short-term madness is the
result. The third round requires a DC 20 Wisdom saving
throw or long-term madness results. On the fourth
round, the listener automatically gains an indefinite

94-96

Blessing of
Understanding

Afflicted by a slimy
doom contagion spell
for 7 days with no save

97-98

Blessing of
Health

curse of the harpy

99-100+

Blessing of
Magic Resistance

curse of the medusa

Epic Path: The Cursed One

Island of Time
This island appears unremarkable until the heroes sail
within a mile of the shore. Read the following:




Your ship approaches another island. Its shoreline is
obscured by a strange shimmering in the air. As you
sail closer, you feel the ocean currents strengthening
below the keel, pulling your vessel into a powerful
wind that propels you to an impossible speed. In a
matter of moments, the ship sails three times around
the island. The sun falls toward the horizon and
rapidly sets. The sky soon darkens. As the stars circle
above your head, you are overcome with waves of
crippling nausea.




On the last journey around the island, each hero must
make three DC 15 Constitution saving throws or else
they fall unconscious for one minute. Whether the
heroes are conscious or not, the ship abruptly slows and
floats into a tranquil bay.
An ancient crumbling dock made from obsidian juts
out into the water of the bay. The sky above is filled with
more stars than the heroes have ever seen before; heroes
with a passive Perception score of 15 or higher will
notice that stars occasionally wink out of existence or
abruptly transform into bright clouds of light.
It is always night on the Island of Time. The inhabitants of the island are enigmatic sphinxes. The motivations of these entities is hidden, but they are known to
possess great knowledge—it's possible that they know
Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a

189

more than any other beings in the world. They also
guard strange artifacts on the island.
Almost all the land is covered in dozens of ruins,
consisting of strange buildings made from obsidian, adamantine, and various unknown minerals. The buildings
look nothing like those built by human hands: some are
shaped like pyramids, while others are obelisks with
strange runes and symbols inscribed on every surface.
Who or what constructed this place is unknown to
anyone—even the gods know nothing of it.

Event: Riddles and Tests
When the heroes make landfall, they are greeted by a
gynosphinx. She appears next to the party suddenly, but
it seems as if she's always been there. It's possible that
she's been waiting for the party since the dawn of time.


Exploring the Island
Because of the strange nature of time on this island, it
is difficult to explore it in a logical fashion, the way the
party might explore a dungeon. Instead, the party experiences the island as a series of montages, losing track of
time and space while traveling between each area.
The Passage of Time
This island has an ethereal, dream-like quality to it. The
heroes may come to believe that they are dreaming
rather than awake. As the GM, you should make a show
of keeping meticulous track of time on the island. Every
minute that passes is counted by the sphinxes and factors
into the encounters that trigger.

190

Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a



A creature with a woman’s face, a feline body, and
great feathered wings appears next to you.
“I bear your kind no ill will, and I hope you find the
knowledge and treasures you seek here,” she says to
you in a calm and assuring voice. It's almost like she's
continuing a conversation that you forgot you were
part of, answering a question you forgot you asked.
“But know this: He is coming. If He finds you, He
will devour your flesh, your soul, and your very history.
Nothing shall remain. Three roars announce His arrival.
Three, and no more. This is the time that He has
alotted you. Use it wisely.” When you look again, the
sphinx has vanished. Perhaps she was never there at all.




She refers to an androsphinx, the lord of the island. The
roars are his way of forcing the heroes to choose only
two locations to explore out of the three available. If the

party explores all three locations, they will summon the
wrath of the androsphinx.
Exploring the Island. The heroes find that they
'remember' three locations on the island that can be
explored. They must choose from the following: The
Stone Table, The Overlook, and The Pit of Stars.
The Androsphinx's Roar. After exploring each location, the heroes hear the androsphinx's roar echo across
the island. The third time he roars, he appears in front
of the party and attacks. When that happens, refer to the
Confronting the Androsphinx section for details.

1. The Stone Table




At the highest point of this strange island, you come
upon a bizarre dinner party. A massive stone table
with a dozen matching chairs stands out in the open.
An ogre-sized man sits at the head of the table, fast
asleep. His four human-sized guests are much too small
for the chairs that they sit in. The humanoids are also
asleep. They are almost completely hidden by their
hair, which has grown extremely long and unkempt.


buildings are richer and on a grander scale. Statues of
the heroes stand in many plazas.
• The third viewing show Mytros a thousand years into
the future. The city is under siege by a vast fleet of
vessels from the outer world beyond Thylea. Anyone
from outside Thylea will recognize some of the flags,
but some of the details seem wrong.
• The fourth viewing shows Mytros 10,000 years into
the future. The city lies in ruins. Strange, ogre-sized
humanoids work in the dust, digging up artifacts from
the ruins. The artifacts are corroded shards of the
statues of the heroes, unrecognizable with age.
• The fifth viewing shows something indescribable and
alien, 100,000 years into the future. The viewer gains
one indefinite madness.
• A sixth viewing shows nothing. The telescope has
gone completely dark and never functions again.

3. The Pit of Stars




The ogre-sized man is dressed in fine weapons and
armor. The table is perfectly proportioned for him.
None of the sleepers can be awakened by the heroes
alone. Refer to Riddles of the Androsphinx for details.



2. The Overlook




You come to the north shore of the island, an area
covered in strange green metal. The metal extends into
an outcropping that forms a platform over a steep cliff.
On the far edge of the platform is a large telescope.




This overlook stands at the top of a 1,000 ft. cliff with
jagged rocks below it. The telescope is 20 ft. long, and it
is fashioned from bronze. Anyone who looks into it sees
the distant city of Mytros.
The first time someone looks through this telescope,
they see Mytros in the present day.






• The second viewing shows Mytros a century into

the future. The city looks similar, but the walls and



When the sphinx is slain, its body rots away rapidly and
then disintegrates into dust. You hear a whisper on the
wind. “We shall meet again, in time...”


Looking through the telescope, you see the great city
of Mytros. The bronze colossus of Pythor stands watch
over the bay, which is bustling with merchant ships.
Marble and bronze buildings line the city’s many busy
streets, in the shadow of Mount Volkan.

If the viewer looks away, or someone else looks into the
telescope, the image of Mytros changes:



Looking into the void for more than one round requires
a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or else the viewer will
gain a short-term madness. Anyone who falls or jumps
into the pit is apparently lost in the void forever. Heroes
lost in this way will return to the party during the battle
with the androsphinx who rules the island.
The narrow stone stairway leads down to the lair of
a hierocosphinx. The hierocosphinx guards a sealed
circular door made from adamantine. Beyond that door
lies a treasure vault. The sphinx smiles when the heroes
arrive and asks if they have come for a taste of the treasures of the ages. Regardless of the party's answer, the
sphinx attacks and fights to the death.







You come to the edge of a vast pit that engulfs the
center of the island. Beyond the edge of the pit, you
can see a black void full of bright stars. A narrow stone
stairway winds its way down along the edge of the pit,
leading to a door-sized opening in the rock.



The adamantine vault door opens easily, revealing the
treasure at the center of the island. The treasure seems
to materialize into existence as soon as the vault door is
opened—almost as if reacting to the party's needs.
Treasure. The vault contains a Quiver of Ehlonna.
Within the quiver are twenty arrows of empyrean
slaying. These arrows are very effective against the
Titans—Sydon, Lutheria, and their young empyrean
children.
Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a

191

Confronting the Androsphinx
When the androsphinx roars for the third time, he suddenly appears in front of the party, ready for battle.
The androsphinx uses all of his powers to defeat the
party, including his lair actions. He starts by using a lair
action to make the heroes younger. His next lair action
takes the heroes to the Far Realm.


Riddles of the Androsphinx
If the heroes are defeated by the sphinx, they have one
more chance to survive. The androsphinx asks the
party a series of riddles. Each correctly-answered riddle
means that at least one hero is spared. You may choose
to spare more than one hero for each correct answer.
The sphinx devours any hero who refuses to answer.



You find yourselves transported to an alien world.
Overhead, the sky is black and starless. The ground is
a mosaic of your own horrified faces. It looks as if you
were all buried in the earth, your heads thrown back,
your faces locked together in a grotesque pattern.
An obsidian moon hangs low in the sky, and blood
drips from its craters, splashing to the ground where
disembodied faces lap at it greedily. The blood pools
at your feet and begins to take hideous form—gigantic
floating brains, which snap their cruel, bird-like beaks,
reaching toward you with hideous tentacles.


These creatures are grell. There is one for each hero,
and they fight to the death.
After three rounds of combat in this horrific landscape, the sphinx summons the party back to the Island
of Time. Any hero who disappeared into the Pit of Stars
will reappear at this point, but they return with one
random indefinite madness. Now, the sphinx attacks the
party directly, without holding back.

Riddle Me This...
These riddles are examples. Use any riddle that you like.

• Riddle: The first part of Nestor,
The last part of Orion,
The first part of nothing,
And the final part of man.
›› Answer: The letter ‘N’.

• Riddle: I never was, am always to be,



No one ever saw me, nor ever will;
And yet I am the confidence of all,
To live and breathe upon midnight's call.
›› Answer: Tomorrow.

• Riddle: What can you catch but not throw?
›› Answer: Sickness or disease.
• Riddle: We are not flesh, feather, scales nor bone;
Yet we still have fingers and thumbs of our own.
›› Answer: Gloves.

Feast of the Androsphinx
If the party satisfies the androsphinx with their answers,
then he will invite them to a feast. If they accept, he
summons them to The Stone Table.
The scene at The Stone Table is slightly altered from
before: any hero who has disappeared or been devoured
on the island is asleep in one of the oversized chairs, and
their hair has grown ridiculously long.
Waking the Sleepers. Anyone asleep at the table, with
the exception of the armored ogre, can be awakened
by shaking them. The sleepers—including any “eaten”
heroes—now have a random long-term madness. They
cannot remember their names or how they got to the
table. They babble about being trapped on the island
for an eternity, watching as the cycle of the multiverse
repeated before their eyes, over and over again.
The Heroes' Feast. The table is covered by a heroes'
feast. Anyone who eats this feast gains its benefits for an
entire week rather than 24 hours. They also immediately
fall asleep. The androsphinx will wait until everyone

has eaten. If anyone does not he will breathe on them
and cause them to fall asleep anyway. When the heroes
awaken, they are back on their ship in the middle of the
ocean. The Island of Time disappears forever.
Sleepers at the Stone Table
The sleepers are all powerful warriors from some point in
the history of Thylea. One of them might even be a hero
from Earth's history or mythology, but that individual will
remember events happening differently than what has
been recorded. A great victory might have been a defeat
in their memory, or they might remember that one of the
gods was a demon lord… Feel free to be as inventive as
you like. None of them are willing to leave, as they are all
waiting for “a friend” to arrive, though they are unable to
remember their friend's identity.
None of these sleepers are equipped or have prepared
spells but, in the unlikely event that the party does battle
with them, you may use the following NPC statistics:
archmage, assassin, gladiator and mage.

Charybdis, The Ravening Mouth




Your ship is suddenly slammed by a storm gale.
Violent waves crash over the deck, and the ship is
sucked into a powerful current, leaving your oarsmen
helpless. Lightning flashes, illuminating a massive
whirlpool just ahead of you. As your ship draws closer,
you can see two massive stone hands reaching out of
the maelstrom, beckoning you into a broad funnel of
water, which leads down into the deepest fathoms of
the sea.




This is Charybdis, an infamous whirlpool known to
all Thylean sailors. It is a portal to the Nether Sea
that is kept open by two of Kentimane’s hands, and it
is legendary for swallowing entire ships. By the time
the heroes can see Charybdis, the ocean's powerful

currents have already started to drag their ship toward
the whirlpool.
Spells such as gust of wind, wind wall, or a conjured
air elemental will allow the character’s ship to skirt
the whirlpool and avoid it. If magic is not used, then
someone must steer the ship with a successful DC 20
Wisdom (Survival) check. If that fails, then the ship will
be sucked into the whirlpool and transported to the
Nether Sea. Refer to the Nether Sea chapter to continue
the adventure.




Rather than sucking your ship down to the ocean floor,
the whirlpool has apparently transported you to a dark,
abyssal sea. The waters that now surround you are
black and expansive, stretching in all directions under a
claustrophobic sky, which is full of strange lights.




Praxys, Tower of Sydon
Praxys is the dwelling place of Sydon, the Lord of
Storms. It is a great tower of stone, which stands atop a
headland of limestone. Sydon’s tower projects a piercing ray of light which can be seen from miles away as it
sweeps the ocean, searching for trespassers.

Praxys is located in the Forgotten Sea, but it is much
too grand to be detailed here. If the party sets a course
for the constellation of the Titan (XVI), then refer to the
Praxys, Tower of Sydon chapter to continue the adventure. Reaching the tower should be very difficult.

Ch apter 6 | The Forgotten Se a

193

Chapter 7:

The Nether Sea
“My sojourn into the Nether Sea was a time
of joyful awakening. The Lady of Dreams dotes
on her most loyal servants like a jealous mother,
but she relentlessly tortures those who defy her.
Surrounded on all sides by such death and darkness, one cannot help but feel alive.”

T

—Chondrus, Servant of Lutheria

he Nether Sea is dark and dangerous.
Its inky waters are all that remain of the
raw material that the gods used to fashion
the world at the dawn of time. This sea of
cosmic matter continues to exist for reasons that are
hidden even from the gods. The sea is littered with
rocky islands and rapids, and the islands are covered in
strange, twisted trees and colossal forms.
Although the Nether Sea is located within a vast
underground cavern, the sky above is filled with colorful
stars and galaxies. The cavern roof above the Nether
Sea is almost a half-mile above the water. It is lined with
vast lodes of silver and mithral. These deposits reflect
the light that emanates from the stars, which are actually
magical rifts connected to the Astral Plane.

194

Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

The Nether Sea is a vast prison vault where the gods
have hidden ancient weapons and powerful creatures
that have no place in the world above. It is also the
domain of the Titan Lutheria, the Lady of Dreams. She
travels the Nether Sea on her throne ship, a great bronze
vessel called Hypnos, which is harnessed and pulled by
Talieus, one of her ancient siblings.
Connected to the Underdark
The Nether Sea is connected to the vast network
of tunnels and caverns that makes up the world’s
Underdark. Sometimes creatures from the Underdark
will stumble into the realm of the Nether Sea, but without a powerful ship like the Ultros, they are unable to
make it very far before succumbing to the chaos of its
primordial waters.

Traveling to the Nether Sea
There are two ways to get to the Nether Sea. Neither of
these methods are well known, even among the gods.
They must be discovered through research or by seeking
out extremely wise creatures, such as sphinxes.
The Dead Falls
The River Lethe empties into a huge rift called The Dead
Falls, which descends all the way to the Nether Sea. This

method is extremely dangerous, as the mile-long drop
is enough to kill most creatures and shatter most ships.
Estor Arkelander's ghost is aware of this method, but he
refuses to share it with the party unless they have agreed
to his bargain.

Effects of the Primordial Waters

Charybdis, The Ravening Maw
The great whirlpool known as Charybdis in the
Forgotten Sea can transport a ship to the Nether Sea.
Very few ships have ever returned from this journey.
This is because the dark waters of the Nether Sea
quickly eat away the wooden hulls of most ships.

Arriving in the Nether Sea
When the heroes first arrive in the Nether Sea, read the
following narrationt text:




After a few moments of disorientation, you assess your
new surroundings. Monotonous black waves and alien
skies stretch for as far as the eye can see. The stars are
strange and unrecognizable. In stark contrast to the
roiling oceans above, everything here is deathly silent.
The smell of briney seawater has been replaced with
a pervasive metallic odor. You can hear something
sizzling against the hull of your ship.




If the heroes arrived here by sailing through the massive
whirlpool of Charybdis, then they appear several miles
in a random direction from the whirlpool's location in
the Nether Sea (N1).

Primordial Waters
The Nether Sea is dangerous for many reasons, but
the water itself is the most immediate risk. For one
thing, the waters are acidic, and each day, they inflict 30
damage to the ship's hull. The Ultros has been magically
protected from the waters of the Nether Sea, so it only
takes 5 acid damage per day.
Primordial Whales. Massive, whale-like creatures
sometimes surface in the Nether Sea. Ships that draw
too close to them risk capsizing in their wake. These
gargantuan beasts don’t react to attacks unless they take
more than 100 damage, and then they simply submerge
beneath the waters once more. The whale creatures have
AC 22 and are immune to most conditions: blinded,
charmed, frightened, paralyzed, and poisoned. They
have unlimited uses of legendary resistance.
Drinking the Water. Anyone who drinks the seawater
or submerges themselves are immediately affected by
the warping effects of the cosmic matter. The first time
someone interacts with the water, the effects wear off
after one hour. The second time they touch the water,
the effects last one day. The third time, the effects
become permanent. Re-roll the effect each time.

d100

Effect

1-25

The character’s race changes. Use the table
from the reincarnate spell.

26-50

The character is polymorphed into another
creature of CR 9 or less.

51-60

The character is polymorphed into an elemental. Roll 1d4 to determine which type.
1: Fire, 2: Earth, 3: Air, 4: Water

61-70

The character is polymorphed into a tree.
They have the statistics of a treant without
the animate trees ability.

71-80

The character is polymorphed into water.
They have to be gathered up into some sort of
container or they will flow away.

81-90

The character is polymorphed into a mineral.
They become a statue of adamantine.

91-93

The character is polymorphed into a gas. The
character will dissipate unless magic is used to
keep them in a coherent form.

94-96

The character's size increases by one, as if
affected by enlarge/reduce.

97-98

The character can change their race and class
to anything of their choice.

99-100

All of the character’s ability scores are
increased by 2 points.

Leaving the Nether Sea
Leaving the Nether Sea is easier than getting here. The
Charybdis whirlpool is the most obvious way to leave.
Ships that sail into Charybdis from the Nether Sea will
defy physics and sail upwards to the roof of the enormous cavern. The ship emerges a few miles from the
whirlpool on the surface of the Cerulean Gulf.
Control Water. The control water spell can also be
used to leave the Nether Sea. If cast upon the primordial
waters, the effects will be much different than if it had
been cast on the surface. Instead of creating a whirlpool,
the spell will create a massive spout of water. Effectively,
the spell can be used to create a temporary Charybdis at
any location in the Nether Sea.

KEY LOCATIONS
N1. Charybdis




Just ahead, the Nether Sea breaks into a churning
maelstrom of incomprehensible height. Primordial
waters churn and gush thousands of feet into the air,
vanishing into the darkness of the sky above.




Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

195

• Lutheria has a warped sense of humor. She likes to

This is an inverted whirlpool known as Charybdis.
Sailing into it will deposit a ship on the surface of the
Forgotten Sea, a few miles away from the gargantuan
whirlpool. There is, however, a 5% chance that any ship
entering Charybdis will be utterly annihilated by the
cosmic forces that power it. In this case, the crew will
find themselves clinging to wreckage in the Cerulean
Gulf. Depending on their actions as the ship is swept
upwards, they may be able to salvage their equipment.

N2. The River Lethe




Your vessel drifts towards what appears to be a heavy
rain storm. Strangely, no strong winds can be felt and
the nearby waves remain calm. The “storm” does not
seem to move. It remains in one place and seems to be
confined to a narrow area. The falling rain smells fresh,
and lacks the acidic odor of the surrounding waters.




The River Lethe falls from the ceiling of the Nether Sea
cavern above, starting from the Dead Falls. By this point,
it is like torrential freshwater rain.
Lutheria sails into this constant rainstorm every day
so that she can keep her gardens properly watered.
Therefore, staying close to the River Lethe’s falls is
an excellent way to find and confront Lutheria. See
Lutheria's Barge at the end of this section for details.

tell jokes. She sews your mouth shut if you don't laugh
at her jokes. It's always better to laugh at her jokes.
• Lutheria loves to play games. She especially loves the
Royal Game (the game of twenty squares). Challenging
her to the game can put her in a better mood, but you
should always let her win.
• Lutheria roams the Nether Sea. Lutheria's barge is
almost impossible to find unless she chooses to reveal
herself to you. However, she takes an interest in any
threat to her domain. For example, the Gargantuan
Cubes (N6) are prisons for powerful weapons. If the
heroes can awaken one of the imprisoned weapons,
the noise would echo across the entire Nether Sea and
summon Lutheria to them. The Titan knows the word
that unlocks The Prison Cube. He will whisper this
almost unpronounceable primordial word to anyone
who asks him for it. Whoever hears the word gains a
random short-term madness (see the Game Master's
Guide), but they cannot say the word until they stand
before the locked entrance. The word remains in their
mind until they speak it, and then they will forget it.
• The waters of the Nether Sea are strange. One must
be cautious with the waters here. Spells that manipulate water, such as control water, may have unpredictable effects.
The Forgotten Titans
For more information about the lost siblings of Sydon and
Lutheria, refer to the War of the Titans in the Secrets and
Myths appendix.

N3. Titan Island




Your ship approaches a small craggy island dominated
by gray mountains and black, rocky beaches. Among
the mountains stand three incredibly lifelike statues
which are similar in scale to the great colossi of Mytros.
Each depicts a muscular man in a pose suggesting
shock, their faces revealing a combination of fear and
rage. Iron chains bind their immobile limbs and are
anchored in the surrounding landscape.


N4. The Mirror Prison


• Lutheria is insane. Sydon once tried to cure his sister
by forging weapons from the psychic energy of her
madness (Hall of Armaments, H6). These weapons
may be especially effective against her.

196

Dim lights dance upon the horizon. As your ship
moves closer, you discover their source: an immense,
partially submerged crystalline structure reflects the
strange light of this strange place. Countless flat panels
connect at strange angles, creating a vaguely pyramid
shape. Near the waterline is a gaping hole large enough
to allow passage by the Ultros. Jagged edges suggest
that this entryway was made by force rather than being
an original feature of this odd structure.



Three ancient Titans are petrified on this island. They
are siblings of Sydon and Lutheria, and all three tower to
50 feet in height. Two of them are entirely inert, but one
still has the ability to speak. If this statue is approached,
its eyes open and its head turns slightly toward whoever
has come near. Dust rains down as it strains against the
magic that petrifies its body.
The speaking titan is quite mad and doesn’t even
remember its name, although it knows that it was betrayed
and trapped by Sydon and Lutheria. It also knows a few
secrets that could be used against Sydon or Lutheria:

Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a







This huge crystal structure rises out of the Nether Sea.
The Kraken was once imprisoned here, but it escaped
and now dwells in the Forgotten Sea. A gaping hole
near the water line allows access into the interior of the
mirror prison. A ship such as the Ultros can sail into this
hole to the interior of the crystal structure.
The walls and ceiling of the interior are covered in
hundreds of square mirrors, each 6 feet to a side. These
mirrors reflect whoever enters the prison, and each

Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

197

mirror shows a warped version of the viewer. At the rear
of the crystal structure’s interior is a small island made
from broken mirrors. Gold, silver, and gemstones are
piled on the island in a large hoard.
The Dragon's Lair
This island is the lair of an adult brass dragon named
Hezzebal. Hezzebal was the mount of a Dragonlord
who explored the Nether Sea five centuries ago, scouting
for a location to hide the treasures of the Dragonlords.
Hezzebal broke into the Mirror Prison and accidentally
released the Kraken in the process. The Kraken sealed
the dragon inside the prison and then tormented him by
slowly and messily devouring his bonded Dragonlord.
Over centuries, the mirrors warped Hezzebal so
that his wings became twisted, and his alignment has
changed to evil. Hezzebal now lairs in the broken prison,
occasionally going out into the Nether Sea to hunt.
Hezzebal usually lurks beneath the water, having
become immune to the effects of the Nether Sea. He will
surface to converse with intruders if they start to loot his
dragon hoard. He will reveal his history to gain sympathy and will inquire about the party's purpose here.
Epic Paths: The Forgotten Dragon
If the Vanished One is present, then Hezzebal recognizes
them as one of the ancient Dragonlords and blames
them for his long imprisonment. He believes that the
Dragonlords deliberately left him here—that they only
ever saw the dragons as tools to be used and discarded.
Refer to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.

If the heroes reveal that they are enemies of Lutheria,
then he explains that she is a vain creature. She visits
the River Lethe with some frequency, in order to water
her gardens. He has always kept his distance from her.
Eventually, Hezzebal will grow bored of talking and will
try to devour the heroes.
Battling Hezzebal. Hezzebal cannot fly. He has a
swim speed of 80 feet, he is immune to the effects of the
Nether Sea, and he has water breathing. His madness
can be cured with a greater restoration spell, but it must
be cast three times, and he will interpret it as a hostile
action. If his madness is cured, his alignment reverts to
good, but he has three permanent levels of exhaustion.
The Mirrors
Use the table below to randomly determine what someone sees upon looking into a mirror. Once someone has
looked into a mirror, it may be removed from the wall
and taken away for use elsewhere, but doing so requires
a successful DC 20 Dexterity check. Otherwise the
mirror will shatter when it is taken down.
Mirror's Effects
d12 Viewer...

Game Effect

1

Appears heavier

Double weight, -4 to Dexterity

2

Appears skinnier

Half weight, -2 to Strength

3

Has tiny head

-6 to Intelligence

4

Has spindly legs

-4 to Dexterity

5

Has stumpy legs

Half movement speed.

6

Grows gills

Permanent water breathing.
Swim speed equal to walk or
fly speed. Immunity to the
Nether Sea's waters.

7

Appears tiny

One size smaller. -4 to
Strength

8

Appears hideous

Charisma score is halved,
rounded down.

9

Appears warped

Loses all bone structure,
incapacitated.

10

Appears angelic

Alignment becomes good.

11

Appears devilish

Alignment becomes evil.

12

Appears petrified

Paralyzed and slowly petrified.

If someone looks at one of the mirrors for an entire
round, they must succeed on a DC 20 Wisdom saving
throw or be transformed into the form of their reflection.
This can be reversed with a greater restoration spell.

Hezzebal the
Brass Dragon
198

Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

The Dragon’s Hoard
The dragon’s hoard consists of 30,000 sp, 5,000 gp, and
a single adamantine ingot. Additionally, there is a xiphos
of slaughter hidden beneath the coins.

ultroloth became the warden of the prisoners brought to
the Island of the Oathbreakers. When an erinyes arrives
with an oathbreaker, the ultroloth chains the offender to
the central column and threatens torture as punishment
for attempting to escape.

Epic Paths: The Dragonlords' Treasure
If the Lost One is present, then the fabled treasures of
the Dragonlords are among the dragon's hoard. Estor will
demand to claim one item first, but he will not specify his
choice until the party agrees to his demand. He chooses
the xiphos of slaughter.
The Lost One should choose the items that they want
from the list of possible rewards for their epic path. The
other items from the list are not present. Refer to the
Running the Epic Paths section for details.

The Oathbreakers
The island is surrounded by an entropic field which sustains prisoners, eliminating the need for them to eat or
drink, although they are perpetually hungry and thirsty.
There are hundreds of mortals still alive on the island
and thousands of corpses, some centuries dead. Every
one of these prisoners is chained to the central column
that rises from the center of the island.

N5. Island of the Oathbreakers






A small, rocky island rises from the inky black sea. From
a distance, its surface appears to be covered by a forest
of twisted, leafless trees that begins near the waterline.
Closer inspection reveals that the trees are petrified,
made from the same dark gray stone as the rest of the
island. A great column of the same stone rises high
above their tallest branches at the forest’s center.


This island is where all oathbreakers from Thylea are
brought by Lutheria’s erinyes. It is a place of punishment for any who break solemnly-sworn oaths, and
rightly held to be a terrible place by all mortals.
Many centuries ago, when mortals first began to
arrive on the shores of Thylea, Lutheria made a deal
with an ultroloth from the bleak plane of Hades. This



As you approach the center of the island, you are
able to make out the thousands of individual chains
anchored in the great stone pillar. Held fast by the
chains are the skeletal remains of many mortals. Some
appear to be centuries old. Although there are some
living prisoners, they ignore you. Most of them seem to
have had their mouths sewn shut.






The ultroloth keeps the prisoners alive until they perish
of natural causes. He is served by four mezzoloths who
watch the prisoners intently and occasionally torment
them for their own amusement.
Lutheria's Punishment. The vast majority of the prisoners here have had their mouths sewn shut. However,
this is not the ultroloth's handiwork. Every year, Lutheria
Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

199

visits the island and tells jokes to the prisoners, making
a note of those who do not laugh loudly enough. Then,
she personally sews their mouths shut as punishment.

top face. The bottom of the cube just touches the water
of the Nether Sea. There are runes inscribed into the
iron cube, and these can be used as handholds if anyone
tries to climb the walls. The top face of the iron cube is
flat except for a small entryway in one corner (B1).
The cube that hangs closest to Titan Island (N3) is the
only cube that the heroes are able to gain access to. They
must have learned the primordial word from the living
Titan on that island in order to enter it.

The Wisest Prisoner
The most helpful prisoner on the island is a woman
named Oresteia (NE mage). Oresteia is one of very few
prisoners who can speak, because she's wise enough
to flatter the Lady of Dreams during her annual visits.
Oresteia has two pieces of advice for the heroes:

• Always laugh at Lutheria's jokes.
• Challenge Lutheria to the Royal Game.

Hanging Prison Cubes

Oresteia has earned preferential treatment from the
Lady of Dreams for decades by following this advice. She
keeps the Titan entertained by humoring her jokes and
devising surprising new strategies for the Royal Game.
Lutheria has even ordered the ultroloth to keep the
mage in some measure of comfort, bringing her wine
and stale bread from time to time.
Oresteia warns the heroes that Lutheria will always
win the game of twenty squares, because she's devised
some way to cheat. The Titan loves winning almost as
much as she hates losing. However, the magic she uses
to cheat at the game also seems to drain her energy. The
mage has never pushed her luck enough to try and win
the game, but it's possible that Lutheria will be more
vulnerable after a particularly rousing game.

Lutheria's Barge

Hanging from the ceiling of the Nether Sea there are several other cubes that contain other weapons of the gods.
These weapons are unfathomably dangerous creatures,
just as terrible as a tarrasque or kraken. These prisons
cannot be opened just yet, but they will come into play
later. Refer to the Apokalypsis chapter for details.



N6. Gargantuan Cubes




Your vessel sails towards an island that seems strangely
square-shaped. It soon becomes clear that the island
is actually a gargantuan iron cube. Runes have been
deeply etched into each of the faces you can see. The
bottom face is level with the surface of the sea; the top
face, some hundred feet above, hangs from five massive chains. The chains disappear into the fathomless
heavens of the Nether Sea. A disturbing noise echoes
from within the structure, alternating between a low
rumble and a high whistle.




A movement on the horizon breaks the gloomy monotony of the Nether Sea. A pair of immense shapes come
into view: the first is the upper body of a colossal male
humanoid wading through the waves. Rags obscure
much of his face, but it is clear that his lips have been
sealed shut. Scars cover his muscular body as he
trudges slowly onward, gripping onto a great length
of chain. He pulls a massive, impressive bronze barge.
Lush green plants spill over the top of the barge—a
verdant garden in a lifeless expanse of black ocean.




A huge iron cube, 100 feet on each edge, hangs from five
massive chains: four chains attach to the top corners of
the cube, and the last attaches to the center of the cube’s



This barge is Hypnos, the dwelling place of Lutheria.
This massive bronze vessel is pulled by Talieus (LN
empyrean), a 200-foot-tall Titan who has been blinded
and broken by his malevolent sister. He wades through
the Nether Sea, eternally pulling Lutheria’s barge.
Lutheria's barge is a hanging garden that features lush
plants, vines, and trees. Fantastical flowers grow in the
garden, of almost every kind imaginable, and their perfume almost drowns out the acidic smell of the Nether
Sea. If the heroes approach Lutheria’s barge, refer to the
Hypnos, Throne of Dreams section.

We know that the Titans possess powers that have yet to be revealed. My mother forced
them into a stalemate before they ever became desperate enough to unleash such horrors.
But the time may yet come when we learn what was locked away at the dawn of time.
— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

200

Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

The Prison Cube
This gargantuan iron cube, 100 feet on each edge,
hangs from five massive chains. The center chain has a
strange contraption attached to it: an hourglass made
from transparent adamantine. About two thirds of the
sand inside is in the bottom half of the hourglass, while
the rest pours slowly down. Inside the cube is one of
the weapons of the gods, a tarrasque. There are also
primordial golems that have existed since the creation of the cube. These undying constructs are there to
protect the workings of the cube and make sure that the
tarrasque is fed.

to speak the primordial word of power that was used
to create the cube. This word can be learned from the
living Titan on Titan Island (N3). The legend lore spell
can also be used to reveal it.
The primordial word is pretty much unpronounceable
by mortals. It will appear in a hero’s mind, be used once
to open the portal, and then vanish. The players don’t
actually need to know or speak the word. They only
need to know that it exists in one hero’s mind.
The Hourglass. A successful DC 20 Intelligence
(Arcana) check reveals that it will take three centuries
for all the sand to run into the bottom of the hourglass.
This is some sort of timing mechanism. Eventually, the
creature imprisoned inside will awaken and return to
the surface: this happens once every thousand years.

History of the Cube
While Lutheria was originally ordered by her father
Kentimane to watch over the weapons of the gods, she
has tricked an ancient ultroloth to do the work instead.
Lutheria deceived the creature by promising him
dominion over an eternal kingdom in the Nether Sea.
The ultroloth is bound to the cube until Lutheria dies,
or until she releases him from his oath.

B2. Entry Chamber


Primordial Golems
Primordial golems are unfinished creatures that the
gods left behind to guard their weapons. They look like
featureless humanoids and they have the same statistics
as clay golems except that they are Medium instead of
Large-sized. In battle, they will attack the same target
until it is dead. Whenever they reduce the hit point maximum of their current target with their slam attack, they
will take on the appearance of that target.
For example, if their target is a dwarf, then they will
grow shorter and stockier after the first hit. Next round,
they will grow a beard. A primordial golem will look identical to its chosen target by the time it has reduced the
target’s hit point maximum by 40 or more.



General Features of the Cube
The inside of the cube is strangely cold and alien.

• The ceilings are 15 ft. high, unless otherwise noted.
• All of the doors are made from iron.
• All of the rooms are unlit.

B3. Chamber of Worms


B1. Entrance

The door at the corner of the iron cube is the entrance.
It is a circular hatchway made from adamantine, and
it is invulnerable to damage. The only way to open it is







The floor of this chamber is filled with huge, writhing
worms that wriggle and squirm over each other. The
effect is quite disturbing. A narrow bridge crosses to
the other side of the room, some five feet above the
hideous, writhing worms. A featureless humanoid
golem stands guard in the middle of the bridge.



At the very top of the gargantuan iron cube, there is
a complex contraption like a massive hourglass that
stands more than 30 feet tall. Sand empties from the
top half of the hourglass into the bottom half, with
aching slowness. Drilled into one corner of the cube's
surface, there is a circular portal of black metal.




A spiral stair leads down into this room. It is guarded by
two primordial golems. They will not move to attack
until an intruder steps onto the floor of the chamber.
They fight until destroyed.

KEY LOCATIONS




As you descend the spiral staircase and enter the
chamber below, you are met by dark, gloomy surroundings. A sense of dread fills the air. You feel a strange
presence before noticing two featureless humanoid
statues, standing motionless in the corner of the room.



The floor is covered with hundreds of juvenile purple
worms. These are the tarrasque’s food supply. Each of
the purple worms has the statistics of a giant poisonous
snake. If someone enters the pit, they will be attacked
by 2d6 worms each round. The primordial golem will
try to knock intruders from the bridge into the vat of
Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

201

purple worms. The worms will not attack the primordial
golem, because it doesn't appear to be food.
Area damage spells such as fireball can kill most (but
not all) of the worms. Some worms will always survive,
hidden beneath the corpses. No more than 5,000 XP can
be earned here from slaughtering the worms.

B4. Breeding Chamber




This must be some sort of breeding chamber for the
worms. Two giant purple colored worms, more than
thirty feet in length, are chained and entwined with
one another in the center of the room. Featureless
humanoid golems work on the worms, paying little
attention to anything else in front of them.


202

Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a



This is the breeding chamber for the tarrasque’s food.
Purple worms breed in a manner similar to earth
worms. The two purple worms join together and pass
genetic material to one another. This is stored in sacs
and then a cocoon forms on the body of each worm,
with each cocoon holding 1d6 wormlings. Once these
worm-filled cocoons are large enough, they are taken to
the Chamber of Worms (B3) and emptied. The purple
worms here can also be milked for their poison.
The two adult purple worms in the room are
restrained by adamantine chains. Three primordial
golems are currently collecting poison from one of the
purple worms. They will, however, immediately stop
work and attack any intruders. Even while restrained,
the purple worms are not completely harmless. Anyone
who comes within 10 feet of a worm’s head will be the
target of a bite attack. Anyone who comes within 10 feet
of the other end of the worm will be targeted by a stinger
attack. Treat these as readied actions. Note that the
purple worms will not attack the golems.

B5. Feeding Chute


B7. Poison Chamber


In this room, the walls and floors are covered in a thick,
mucous slime that almost seems alive. The floor is
marked by strange engravings that look like a grid. On
opposite sides of the room are levers on the walls: one
lever is shaped like a worm, while the other is hornshaped. A shapeless humanoid figure stands in the
chamber next to the worm-shaped lever.


This is where the purple worm poison is kept until it is
needed. The Dumping Hall (B6) describes the effects of
being immersed in the poison.

B8. Chamber of the Guardian




This is where the purple worms are brought before
being dumped on the tarrasque as fodder. The wormshaped lever on the wall releases a dozen small purple
worms into this room. The other lever, shaped like a
horn, opens a trap door in the floor, which dumps the
worms into the tarrasque’s chamber below.
One primordial golem waits in the room. When the
party reaches the room, the golem pulls the worm lever
to dump a dozen purple wormlings (same statistics as
giant poisonous snakes) onto the floor. The golem then
waits until someone enters the room. At this point, it
will move to pull the other lever and open the trap door.
Anyone standing on the trap door when it opens must
make a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw or fall into the
tarrasque pit below.

B6. Dumping Hall




This long hall has a strange floor. The floor appears to
have dozens of small holes, each with an iron covering.
At the far end of the hall, there is a circular metal door
with a small lever located beside it.


This strange room is the mechanism for waking the
tarrasque. When the tarrasque needs to be awakened,
a primordial golem opens the circular door. When the
circular door is opened, the entrance door slams shut
and locks. This causes the hall to fill with purple worm
venom in three rounds. The circular door automatically closes and locks after three rounds. All of the
locks require a successful DC 20 Dexterity check using
thieves' tools to open. The lever beside the door can be
used to open up the small holes in the floor. The poison
drains through the holes onto the tarrasque below and
awakens the gargantuan beast.
Anyone in the room when it is filling with poison will
take 1d6 poison damage per round. Anyone who drinks
or breathes in the poison (for example, with water
breathing) takes the full damage from purple worm
poison (12d6). Anyone with fewer than 75% of their hit
points remaining takes full damage from the second
round onwards, as the poison seeps into their wounds.





This chamber is dominated by an unearthly table
with several goblets on it, each filled with a purple
liquid. Sitting at the table is a faceless humanoid
dressed in a flowing cloak, and beside him are three
bronze constructs that are designed with his likeness.
The humanoid has a strange-looking talisman around
its neck.




This room is where the caretaker of the prison, an
ultroloth, can be found. Initially, he will not be hostile
to the heroes. Instead, one of his bronze automatons
will be used as a mouthpiece to communicate with the
heroes. The ultroloth is intelligent, and he understands
why the heroes have broken into the prison. He seeks to
be released from his bargain with Lutheria, so he is very
open about his desire to assist the heroes.
He is willing to tell the heroes how to awaken the
tarrasque but, in return, they must swear an oath to kill
Lutheria and bring her crystal scythe back to him. This
oath is a serious matter, and it will be enforced by the
erinyes of the Island of the Oathbreakers. If the heroes
are unwilling to swear the oath, then the ultroloth
expresses his profound disappointment in them. He
attacks with the help of his three bronze automatons.
The strange goblets are filled with purple worm
poison. The ultroloth has acquired a taste for the substance, and he is resistant to its effects. He won’t stop
anyone from trying a drink for themselves, because he
would find it amusing to watch. The bronze automatons
are Sydon’s gifts to him; the Titan wished to curry favor
with the ultroloth in case he ever needed to use one of
the weapons of the gods.
Treasure
The ultroloth wears a talisman of the sphere around his
neck. He uses this to control the sphere of annihilation
in the Chamber of Execution (B11).

B9. Golem Storage




Featureless humanoid golems stand silent and still
in a sad crowd at the center of this room. There are
a dozen of them. Some have missing arms, while a
couple have missing heads.




Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

203

B11. Chamber of Execution

This is where damaged golems are repaired by the
ultroloth. None of them are operational, but the heroes
don’t need to be told that they are broken. As far as the
party is concerned, the golems are merely unresponsive.



B10. Locking Chamber







This room is colder than the rest of the complex. There
are four huge floating spheres marked by ancient runes.
The walls are also covered in the same runes.




A large, two-foot wide black sphere floats at the very
center of this room. The sphere seems to absorb light.



The tarrasque can only be released from this room. Each
of the floating spheres has an ancient legend about the
tarrasque inscribed on it in the Primordial tongue. All
the stories are terrifying to anyone who can read them.
To open the cube, someone wearing the ultroloth’s
talisman of the sphere (B8) must control the sphere of
annihilation (B11) so that it sits at the very center of the
room. The wearer of the talisman must then read aloud
the texts from each sphere. This causes them to spin.
Once all of the spheres are spinning, the bottom of the
cube will open, hundreds of feet below. The tarrasque
will be dumped into the Nether Sea, and the ancient
beast will then make its way to the surface of Thylea and
begin to wreak untold damage.



The sphere at the center of the room is a sphere of annihilation. The sphere is part of the ritual required to open
the Locking Chamber (B10) and release the tarrasque.
Killing the Tarrasque. The sphere also allows the
ultroloth to kill the tarrasque if needed. The ultroloth
must move the sphere to the top of the sleeping tarrasque’s head and then send it through the creature’s
brain. If the tarrasque is awake, this form of execution
is no longer possible, as the tarrasque will simply dodge
out of the way of the sphere.

B12. The Pit




A large pit looks down into a vast chamber that makes
up most of the iron cube’s interior. Inside, a gargantuan
nightmarish creature slumbers. A thick, spiny brown
carapace covers the back of the immense reptile, which
resembles a predatory lizard with clawed forelimbs
slightly smaller than its legs. If the monster has eyes,
they are not clearly visible from your current position.

Releasing the Tarrasque



Releasing the tarrasque at this point in the adventure is
very unlikely. The ultroloth is the only creature who knows
the proper ritual, and he is unwilling to share this secret.

The tarrasque will remain sleeping unless it takes
damage or it is fed with purple worms. If awakened, it
will attack and attempt to consume anything in its pit.
If there is nothing to eat when it awakens, then the
tarrasque will angrily smash itself against the walls of
its prison. The resulting noise echoes across the entire
Nether Sea and attracts the attention of Lutheria. In this
case, she will sail to investigate the prison in her throne
ship, Hypnos. Only after 24 hours of angry activity will
the tarrasque grow tired of battering itself against the
walls of its prison and return to its slumber.

Lutheria despised her role as caretaker of the iron
cubes. I think she took pity on the creatures locked
within. Perhaps one day she will release them.
— Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria



Hypnos, Throne of Dreams
Hypnos is the domain of Lutheria, who is called the
Lady of Dreams and the Mistress of Death. Her throne
ship is a massive bronze ceremonial floating palace that
is pulled across the Nether Sea by her ancient sibling,
Talieus (LN empyrean). The enslaved Titan has been
blinded and his mouth has been sewn shut. The only
clean parts of his face are where tears have trickled
down from his ruined eye sockets. He now trudges on,
without rest or thanks, through the Nether Sea.
Lutheria's barge is a hanging garden that features
lush plants, vines, and trees. Fantastical flowers grow in
the garden, of almost every kind imaginable, and their
204

Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

perfume almost drowns out the acidic smell of the Nether
Sea. Lutheria spends much of her time in her garden.
Beneath the garden is a network of tunnels and rooms
inhabited by Lutheria’s servants. These spaces are lined
with tens of thousands of mortal skulls. Lutheria’s
servants include lamias. These half-woman/half-lion
monstrosities are maenads that Lutheria has twisted
into a more powerful form. The lamias are served by
jackalwere, who were once male priests of Lutheria.
Their loyalty has been rewarded by being summoned
to the Lady's garden, where they are transformed into
creatures who can serve her better.

The Throne of Dreams
Events in Hypnos should have an otherworldly and
dream-like quality. Ideally, the heroes should feel a
kind of unease and distrust of everything that they
experience in Hypnos. They should never be quite sure
whether they are awake or in some sort of lucid dream
or nightmare.
Things in Lutheria's domain are not always quite what
they seem. Her servants may behave in irrational, dreamlike ways. Distances between parts of the vessel need
not always be consistent. For example, walking across
the ship's deck may seem like an endless journey of days
through a densely overgrown jungle.

General Features
• The ceilings are 15 ft. high unless otherwise noted.
• The doors are wooden unless otherwise noted.
• All of the rooms are lit by a permanent light spell.

KEY LOCATIONS
H1. Dreamer’s Dock




You notice a small platform jutting from the side
of the bronze barge, just above the waterline. The
structure appears to be used as a dock, and may be
out of view from the main deck. Behind the platform
is the very faint outline of what might be a door into
the vessel.




The opening mechanism for the secret entrance can be
detected with a successful DC 15 Wisdom (Perception)
check. Behind the door is a small chamber. This is the
lair of a lamia and five jackalwere. They are lounging in
the small boats that float in the water of the chamber.
The lamia has used disguise self, and she looks like
a beautiful woman. The lamia will greet intruders by
kissing their hands. Anyone who allows this to happen
Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

205

comes under the lamia’s curse, and for the next hour,
they will have disadvantage on Wisdom saving throws.
The jackalwere are polymorphed into beautiful men
and women, and are currently smoking pipes of black
lotus. They invite anyone who enters the room to join
them for a smoke. The jackalwere will try to wait until a
majority of intruders have been cursed by the lamia. At
this point, they will use their sleep gaze and claim that the
party is drowsy from the effects of the lotus.
The jackalwere and lamia will defend themselves if
attacked. If they are able to put the entire party to sleep,
then they take them to The Kitchens (H8).

This is the home of the erinyes who are sent out to
capture oathbreakers in Thylea. There are usually two
erinyes here at any time, waiting to be called upon.
They are not hostile, but they will defend themselves.
The room has furniture from many worlds and times.
Treasure. The furnishings of this room are worth
about 10,000 gp in total, but attempting to remove even
a single piece will provoke the ire of the erinyes.

H4. Hall of Trinkets


H2. Dreamer’s Halls




Underneath the lush greenery of the ship’s deck, you
find yourselves in a series of long, dark hallways. The
walls and floor are lined with countless humanoid
skulls. The skulls stare at you with dead eyes.




The halls are empty. Whenever the heroes move
between rooms, the skulls appear to silently laugh at
them. Traversing the halls seems to take much longer
than the distances on the map would suggest. Each
minute spent in the hallways feels like hours.



H3. The Erinyes




This room is lavishly appointed. Each individual piece
of decor is breathtaking in its artistry, and the styles
are so varied that they combine to create an overall
impression of discordant opulence. Two women with
red-feathered wings are in the room. One polishes a
suit of heavy black armor while the other examines the
bowstring of a great longbow.




A doorway opens into a wide room lined with tall
marble plinths, each displaying a unique object.
Although many of the items are beautiful and unusual,
some appear quite mundane. The nearest item is a
writing quill with a brilliant orange plume that smolders like an ember. The next plinth supports a bright,
silver-colored mask, depicting the face of an elven
woman of unparalleled beauty.
Two small girls tend to this odd collection. One dusts
an ivory box while the other polishes a simple platinum
coin. The two girls possess unnaturally symmetrical
features. They move with a feline grace.

This gallery hall is where Lutheria stores some of the
magical trinkets that she has collected over the ages. She
doesn’t collect items for their power or utility, but rather
because the items amuse her. All of the items rest on
marble plinths:

• A carved ivory music box. When this is opened, a





small turntable begins to move and the sounds of
wailing and screaming fill the air. The box holds the
souls of thousands of people from another world.
Their rulers made a pact with Powers from the Nine
Hells that their nation would rule the world for a
thousand years. Aftewards, all the native souls would
be the property of an archdevil. When the thousand
years ended, the nation’s most powerful wizards tried
to protect the souls by binding them within the box,
and the souls have remained there for millennia, without physical form and driven to madness.
• An apple-sized dodecahedron forged from adamantine with strange, unreadable runes inscribed upon
it. This is the only remaining object from a world that
was swallowed by its sun.
• A mithral mask of a beautiful elven woman. The
wearer sees everything in the world in the most beautiful way imaginable, regardless of its reality.
• A platinum coin with the head of a dragon stamped
on one side and a dragon’s tail on the other. The coin
doesn’t radiate any magical aura, but it can be attuned.
Once attuned, the coin will always land on the face
that its owner wishes when it is flipped.

• A phoenix-feather writing quill. The quill was used

to write the Codex of the Infinite Planes. Anyone
writing with this quill always produces beautiful handwriting, and the writer can write in any language, even
languages they cannot speak or understand.

Two lamias guard this room, but they appear to be
young girls, and they claim to be sisters. They introduce
trespassers to their “toys,” happily describing each item
to those who are curious. They drag visitors to each
plinth excitedly, but they warn against touching anything, because it makes Lutheria mad.
The lamia try to touch as many heroes as possible, holding their hands and pulling them around like
excited children. Anyone who is touched by the lamia is
affected by their intoxicating touch for 1 hour.
If any of the items are touched or taken, the two girls
will begin to shriek. Any jackalwere below deck will
come running and attack the intruders. When this happens, the lamia revert to their true forms and attack.

H5. Room of Nightmares




Although similar in size to most of the ship's other
chambers, the emptiness of this room makes it appear
much larger. There is a beautiful golden chair at the
center of the room. You have a feeling that sitting in
this chair will make your wildest dreams come true.


This room is used to break prisoners by bringing their
worst nightmares to life. Anyone sitting in the chair
activates the room’s magic. The door vanishes and
the person in the chair becomes incapacitated for one
minute. During that time, a nightmare becomes manifest. The only way to stop the manifestation is to reduce
the dreamer’s hit points to zero.
Roll on the Table of Nightmares, or have the player
whose character is in the chair choose which nightmare
is the worst from the list below. Do not tell them the
consequences before they make the choice.



This room appears to be an armory. It is guarded by
four wild-eyed men who ignore your arrival, muttering
incomprehensibly to themselves. Four items hang from
skeletal hands that emerge from the walls: a greataxe,
a greatsword, a shield, and a set of plate armor.

Four jackalwere guard this room, disguised as gibbering madmen. They leave intruders alone unless
someone touches the weapons or armor on display.
Whenever an item is touched, the jackalwere grow

Result

1–2

Nightmare of a shrinking room. The room
begins to shrink, and after five rounds, the room
is so small that it crushes everyone inside. Each
creature takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage per round
for every other creature in the room. For example:
if there are five creature in the room, then each
creature takes 4d6 damage per round.

3–4

Nightmare of falling. The room and chair vanish,
and everyone inside the room begins to fall. After
10 rounds they hit the room's floor for 20d6 bludgeoning damage, and the nightmare ends.

5–6

Nightmare of being naked. At the end of every
round, a non-magical item vanishes from each
hero. At the end of 10 rounds, all remaining
non-magical items vanish forever. If the nightmare
ends early, then all of the vanished items return.

7–8

Nightmare of teeth falling out. At the end of
every round, a tooth falls from the mouth of the
dreamer. Each tooth instantly transforms into a
monster that attacks and tries to eat the party.
The tooth-monsters appear in this order:

9–10 Nightmare of drowning. Blood gushes from the
mouth of the dreamer and fills the room in two
rounds. Use the drowning rules. Water breathing
does not work, because the liquid is blood.

quiet and stare at whoever touched it, using sleep gaze
to render the offender unconscious. Anyone who has
been touched by a lamia will have disadvantage on
their saving throw.

H6. Hall of Armaments



d10

1. Skeleton, 2. Griffon, 3. Minotaur, 4. Gorgon, 5.
Mezzoloth, 6. Salamander, 7. Cyclops, 8. Chimera,
9. Grick Alpha, 10. Nycaloth





Table of Nightmares



Weapons of Madness
The weapons and armor displayed in this room contain
portions of Lutheria’s ancient madness. Sydon once
attempted to cure his sister's insanity by drawing it out
like a poison. He forged this psychic energy into the
magic items in this room. They are: plate mail of vulnerability, berserker greataxe, shield of missile attraction, and a greatsword of vengeance.
Anyone touching one of these cursed items for the
first time must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving
throw or contract a short-term madness (see Madness
in the 5th Edition Game Master's Guide). Heroes that
succeed on this saving throw are immune to the effects
from that point forward.
Using the Weapons. Lutheria has disadvantage on
attack rolls versus characters who are wielding one of
these items. If an attack from one of these weapons
hits Lutheria, or if she hits someone wearing the armor
with her scythe, then the cursed item is destroyed, and
Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

207

H8. The Kitchens

she is immediately overwhelmed by the ancient madness that was bound within the item. Whenever this
happens, Lutheria suffers the effects of the confusion
spell until the end of her next turn.



H7. Scrying Room




Two strange women sit in this room, with their backs
to the door. Both women have the lower bodies of
lions. Each of these creatures stares intently into a
looking glass. The mirrors display apparently random
scenes from all over Thylea. The images flicker through
too quickly for you to take in specific details.




Several scrawny dog-like men scurry about this kitchen,
preparing sumptuous foods. They are ordered around
by a monstrous woman with the lower body of a lion.
You can smell something delicious cooking, but many
of the meat dishes include shanks of suspiciously
humanoid body parts.




The women are two lamias. They use the mirrors
to watch all the lands of Thylea, and they make daily
reports to Lutheria. They are proud of this task, and
they are happy to explain it to the heroes.
The lamias attempt to touch the heroes during their
explanation. They may try to show the heroes something disturbing, such as King Acastus plotting against
them—or the massive fleet that Sydon has gathered. Once
they have touched the heroes, the lamias summon all the
remaining jackalwere on this deck and attack the party.
Each of the mirrors is attuned to a lamia, and they will
not work when anyone else attempts to use them.



This is where feasts are prepared for Lutheria and her
guests. A single lamia supervises the work of three
jackalwere. None of them have the time to disguise
their true forms, as they are always busy preparing the
next meal. When meals are ready, they are taken up to
Lutheria's Garden (H10) and served.
Captured Heroes. Heroes who have been captured by
the jackalwere's sleep ability will awaken here, trussed up
and ready for the oven. Spellcasters will have an apple
shoved into their mouths.

H9. Sleeping Chamber




This chamber is dimly lit by a single torch. There are
five beds here, each occupied by a sleeping form.




This chamber is where Lutheria's servants sleep. Two
male dryads and three female satyrs are asleep here.
They are consorts to the jackalwere. If awakened, they
will be frightened, but they will not fight.

H10. Lutheria’s Garden




This entire vessel is covered with lush greenery that
obscures details of its deck and hides any crew who
might be on board. This strange garden’s vibrant
colors stand out in stark contrast against the murky
grays of the Nether Sea. A chaotic mix of scents—
pleasant, revolting, and exotic—drift from the abundant flora.


This garden is full of exotic plants from all over the
multiverse, and Lutheria has carefully chosen ones that
are beautiful, produce intoxicating scents, or that bear
fruits that can be used for wines or narcotics. Many of
these plants seem revolting to the eyes and to the nose,
but Lutheria’s sensibilities and tastes are unlike those of
common mortals.
Any hero who eats fruit or deliberately takes in the
flowers’ scents may be overcome in some way, as shown
on the table opposite.



Flora in Lutheria's Garden
d10

Flower or Fruit

Effect

d10

Flower or Fruit

Effect

1

White tree with
blue fruits

Eating the fruits gives the effects
of a potion of heroism.

6

Black roots with
white flowers

Smelling these flowers has no
unusual effect.

2

Yellow star flower

Smelling the flower has the effect
of a haste spell for 10 rounds,
then a slow spell for an hour.

7

Squirming black
slug tubers

Eating slug tubers reduces
Constitution by 5, but increases
Strength by 5.

3

Flower with a
large mouth

When touched, the shrieker
alerts everyone in the garden.

8

Violet fungus

The fungus will attack any creature that touches it.

4

Purple Weeds

The weeds are the same as a
potion of water breathing and
give immunity to the Nether
Sea’s waters.

9

Black lotus flower Smelling the lotus puts a hero into
a deep sleep for 8 hours unless a
DC 15 Constitution saving throw
is made.

5

Small tree with
red flowers

Smelling the flowers causes hallucinations. Heroes see the things
they most fear. Heroes must make
a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or
they gain a long-term madness.

10

Pomegranates

The Lady of Dreams
When Lutheria is not traveling the world and meddling in the affairs of mortals, she spends her time
here, sitting on the throne in her garden. To entertain
herself, she throws bacchanals—parties of drunken

Eating this fruit causes instant
paralysis followed by horrifying
nightmares. The greater restoration spell is required to remove
this effect.

excess—for her most devoted servants. Lutheria does
not immediately attack those who trespass in her
garden. She will first satisfy her curiosity and seek to
entertain herself by telling jokes, playing games, and
toying with her prey.

Confronting Lutheria
Read the following when the heroes meet Lutheria:


Lutheria



This courtyard is filled with goatlings and fey creatures
engaged in drunken revelry. At the center of the crowd,
a beautiful giant-sized woman lounges on an ornate
throne. Most of the revelers are so intoxicated that
they fail to notice your presence, but the black-eyed
woman immediately locks eyes with you.
“Ah, the heroes of the prophecy. I suppose you have
come to kill me. That would be very boring. Wouldn't
you prefer to join the festivities?"
Despite the cup of wine in her hand, the woman’s
voice remains sober, but her eyes brim with madness.




There are many ways that the encounter with Lutheria
can play out, depending upon the actions of the heroes.

The Bacchanal
The garden is filled with Lutheria's servants, all of whom
are engaged in debauchery and drunken revelry. The
participants include two lamias, two satyr minstrels,
and seven goatlings. All but Lutheria are drunk (they
have the poisoned condition).
Lutheria's servants urge the heroes to join in the revelry, forcing drinks into their hands and trying to entice
Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

209

them with sensual words. But joining the revelry is, in
effect, a death sentence by poisoning.
Heroes who drink the wine must succeed on a DC 16
Constitution saving throw or else they become poisoned
and abandon their senses. While participating in the
revelry, they take 1d6 psychic damage each round. In
order to regain control of themselves, the heroes must
make a successful DC 15 Wisdom saving throw.
Refusing to join in has no immediate consequences.
Lutheria turns a withering gaze upon each person in the
heroes’ party, then tosses back her drink and ignores
them. Your players should feel uneasy about their refusal
to join—it's not wise to spoil Lutheria's fun.
Attacking Lutheria will cause all her servants to abandon their revelry and rush to her defense, even though
they are drunk and effectively poisoned.

The Royal Game
The heroes may challenge Lutheria to the game of
twenty squares. Lutheria loves the game, but she rarely
gets to play it, because she has a habit of killing anyone
who beats her at it.


Lutheria's Joke
Lutheria is unwilling to discuss anything until she's had
a chance to test the heroes.




"Wait—before we discuss business, allow me to break
the ice. Although you are shameless trespassers, I feel
obligated to entertain you."




Lutheria deadpans the following jokes. With each joke,
the entire entourage bursts into a chorus of laughter. Lutheria does not laugh. She watches the heroes
intently, gauging their reaction.

• What is the most disgusting thing imaginable?
››A bag full of dead mortal children.

• And what is more disgusting than that?
››One at the bottom is still wriggling.

• What’s the difference between an onion and an
innocent mortal child?
››I cry when I chop up an onion.

It should be clear to your players that they are actually
expected to laugh out loud at these jokes. If anyone
refuses to laugh, Lutheria becomes irate. She points at
each hero who failed to laugh and berates them.




Lutheria's points at you accusingly, and her eyes
burn into the back of your skull. "You there. Why
didn't you laugh? Are you bored? Am I boring to you?
Answer me!"


On the other hand, if the heroes humor Lutheria by
laughing at her jokes, then she applauds their sense of
humor. This puts her in a better mood to bargain.

210

Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a





Lutheria's eyes light up, and she makes a gesture with
her hand. The deck in front of her throne shimmers and
becomes a board of twenty black-and-white squares.
"It has been much too long since someone has had
the courage to challenge me to the Royal Game! But
what shall we wager? Oh, I know!"
With another wave of her hand, Lutheria summons
seven goatlings to stand in the board's starting row.
Then she waves her hand again, and seven of your
comrades from the Ultros appear opposite them. They
stand completely still, as if paralyzed.
"We shall wager the lives of our servants." The goddess grins and strokes her crystal scythe.




Before the game begins, three winged forms set down on
the deck to watch the game. These are the Furies from the
Room of Far Sight (S33). They have come to enforce the
rules of the game and prevent anyone from backing out
prematurely. This annoys Lutheria, but she has no choice
but to accept it. If the players become hostile or uncooperative, the Furies summon seven erinyes for backup and
banish the heroes to the Island of the Oathbreakers (N5).
Playing the Game. Refer to the game of twenty
squares entry in the Treasures appendix for details about
the rules of the game. Lutheria uses an ancient rule that
has been forgotten by mortals: since the heroes challenged her to the game, she has the right to determine
the wager. The Furies agree to this.
Lutheria's Strategy. Lutheria loves the game almost
as much as she hates losing. Over the centuries, she
has devised a way of cheating without detection. When
she fails one of the opposed skill rolls, she may spend
one of her uses of legendary resistance to automatically
win the roll instead. All of Lutheria's rolls should be
hidden behind the GM screen. Heroes with high passive
Perception scores may notice her cheating, but the
Furies are incapable of detecting it.
Lutheria is unsportsmanlike during the game. She
gloats when she wins a round and sulks when she loses.
She becomes increasingly agitated when she's losing.
She may go so far as to expend all three uses of legendary resistance in order to ensure her own victory.
Lutheria Loses. If the heroes win the match, then
Lutheria loses her temper. She slaughters all seven of the
goatlings that served as her pieces. The goddess is now
in a terrible mood and may attack unprovoked.
Lutheria Wins. If the heroes lose the match, then
Lutheria is absolutely delighted. She slaughters all seven

of the Ultros crew that served as their pieces. The Furies
ensure that the wager is honored before departing. The
goddess is now in an excellent mood and is willing to
grant each of the heroes a boon.

Renewing the Oath
If the heroes ask Lutheria to renew her commitment to
the Oath of Peace, then she will agree to do so under one
condition: the entire party must swear an indefinite oath
of service to her. The heroes would be required to do
essentially anything she asks for the rest of their lives, as
if under the effects of an unbreakable geas spell.
Terms of the Oath. Lutheria agrees not to harm any
of the mortal cities of Thylea. Her temples would remain
standing, and she would still require sacrifices, but
things would continue much as they have been.
Lutheria has no interest in her husband's schemes.
The heroes would still be free to assail Praxys and battle
Sydon or negotiate with him separately. She will not
interfere with these tasks. She agrees not to demand
anything of the players until after they have dealt with
her husband (after the Battle of Mytros).

Attacking Lutheria

Epic Paths: Confronting Lutheria
If the Doomed One is present, Lutheria spends the first
round in combat laughing uncontrollably at the lifetime
of misfortune that she inflicted on them. If the Haunted
One is present, Lutheria realizes that she's made a mistake and concentrates all her efforts on killing them.
The Haunted One needs to destroy Lutheria's scythe in
order to release the souls of their lost family. Refer to the
Running the Epic Paths section for details.

Defeating Lutheria

If the heroes provoke a battle with Lutheria, whether
by attacking her or by annoying her too much, read the
following:


The heroes are immediately attacked by all of the
creatures participating in the bacchanal. Lutheria joins
the battle after one round, gleefully inflicting as much
damage as she can with her scythe. She loudly orders
her minions to torture and crucify the heroes.
This battle should be very difficult, and it should force
the heroes to expend all of their resources. You might
need to bring in reinforcements from elsewhere in
Hypnos in order to increase the challenge. You may also
choose to have Lutheria summon undead servants, such
as wights and ghosts, to assist in the battle.

If the heroes fight and defeat Lutheria read the following:


Lutheria collapses to her knees, grasping at the air
in front of you. She unleashes a screeching wail of
anguish, refusing to believe that a band of mere
mortals has defeated her. Her body slowly transforms
into a strange, twisting light. The light explodes into a
storm of cosmic matter—and then she vanishes.



"You mortals always disappoint me."
The Lady of Dreams appears affected by a deep sadness. Black tears roll down her face. The garden wilts,
and all of her servants begin to weep and wail. Minutes
pass, and the mournful scene continues. You feel a chill
run down your spine.
Finally, Lutheria ostentatiously dries her eyes. Her
face breaks into a wicked smile. “Well. I need some
cheering up. Let’s start by tearing your pathetic little
bodies apart, limb from limb.”










Lutheria's Scythe

Ch apter 7 | The Nether Se a

211

Chapter 8:

Praxys, Tower of Sydon
“When first we sailed into Thylea from the
Old World, we did not know that we were trespassers. But then we saw the great Tower, its red
light glaring at us from miles away. And we knew
that we had stumbled into the realm of the gods.”

T

—Yoshua, from the Annals of the Settlers

he tower of Praxys is the oldest and
tallest structure in Thylea. It is one of the few
remaining landmarks from the time when gods
walked among mortals, and the dragons and
giants fought for primacy. Praxys serves as the throne of
Sydon, the Lord of Storms. He uses it as a guard tower
to watch for incursions from the outer world. The Titan
has modified and rebuilt the tower over many centuries,
and thousands of cyclopes and gygan workers have died
to fashion his “palace.”
Sydon is often found at Praxys, surrounded by his
sons and daughters. Although Sydon and Lutheria
have come to hate one another in recent centuries, the
twins bore these young empyrean children together in
anticipation of the end of the Oath of Peace. Sydon has
trained them to reclaim the powers of the Five Gods.

212

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

Traveling to the Tower
Traveling to Praxys should be an ordeal. If the party has
not yet encountered Sydon's Fleet, then they should do
so on the voyage here. Otherwise, you may choose to
run 1-2 random sea encounters during the voyage.
Read the following when the party arrives:




After days of sailing into the far reaches of the ocean,
the weather turns rough. Powerful storm waves
threaten to overturn your ship, rocking it from side to
side, and a thick blanket of fog obscures the sea around
you. The wreckage of broken ships drifts past your
prow, and you begin to wonder whether you will share
the fates of their unfortunate crews.
Eventually, you notice a beam of light, which seems
to sweep the surrounding seas from an immense
height. Massive rocks emerge from the fog: the foundations of a gargantuan stone tower. Your ship suddenly feels very exposed—tiny and vulnerable next to
the impossible size of the structure which now looms
above you. This can only be the Tower of Sydon.




THE TOWER

Praxys is a great tower of stone, which breaks upward
through a headland of limestone. It is massive in size,
beyond any human scale, towering more than 1,500 feet
into the air. It was carved from a small mountain that
rose out of the ocean. The tower is 200 feet across, and
its interior is filled with vast empty spaces that serve
as storage chambers and prisons. Only three floors are
designed to be habitable by mortal creatures, and each
of these floors have ceilings that are 30 ft. in height, in
order to accommodate Titans and giants.
Across many miles of ocean, Sydon’s tower projects
a piercing ray of silver light, which searches for trespassers. This light radiates from the heart of a star that
Sydon has imprisoned at the pinnacle of the tower.
A huge stone dock juts out to the south. It was built
for ships manned by gygans or cyclopes, not for human
vessels. The dock is protected by a dozen ballista crewed
by gygans. Each gygan can load, aim and fire its ballista
in a single round due to their size and six arms.
Defensive Ballistae
Ballista Bolt. Ranged Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, range:
120/480 ft., one target. Hit: 18 (3d10 + 2) piercing damage.



This massive stone tower must be at least 1,500 feet
tall. There is a large stone dock on the south side of
the tower, which appears to be incredibly ancient,
possibly thousands of years old. It stands strong
against the abuses of the waves and weather, and
a foreboding air surrounds the place. Birds wheel
around the heights of the tower but, as the scale of
the place hits home, you realize that they are not
seagulls. The “birds” are distant griffons, each the size
of a horse. The massive double doors at the base of the
tower appear nigh-impenetrable.


The double adamantine doors are 40 ft. tall and cannot
be damaged. They are barred from the other side. They
can be forced open by characters with a combined
Strength of 200 or more; no check is necessary if the
group are strong enough, but no more than a dozen
humans can attempt the task at once. If the heroes lack
the combined strength, they will have to find another
way in—through the flooded basement.
The griffons flying around the tower nest in many
places on ledges and in window openings. They are
aggressive towards anyone who tries to approach the
tower by air. Someone using flight will be swarmed by 7

Gaining Entry to the Tower
There are three obvious ways to gain entry to the tower.

• The Front Gate. A direct assault on the main dock

and gate is probably the most difficult. The gygans
fire their ballistae as soon as approaching ships come
within range. Once the gygans are dealt with, the main
doors must somehow be opened. A direct assault
almost certainly puts the tower on alert status.
• From the Sky. Approaching from the air is difficult
due to the griffons. But if the heroes are able to make
it past the griffons, then they will have easy access to
areas S9 and S26. All other windows in the tower are
permanent walls of force.
• Underwater. The easiest approach is underwater.
Anyone sailing around the tower will notice pipes
located just below the water level. These pipes are
large enough for Medium-sized creatures to make
their way into the tower. The pipes provide access to
areas S5, S10, S19, and S22.

Traveling Through the Tower

Arrival at the Tower


(2d6) griffons. In addition, the Fallen Star (S37) illuminates any flying creatures trying to gain access. If the
first group of griffons are defeated, the light summons
another swarm after 2d6 rounds.



There are many different methods to travel up and
down within the tower. At its center is a spiral staircase
that climbs from ground level all the way to the tower’s
summit. The staircase was built for giants, so a humansized creature will find the constant climbing rather
exhausting. Some levels are connected by a cleverly
constructed elevator that was built when Sydon still
possessed the divine power of artifice.
Bronze Pipes. Huge bronze pipes run from the underwater basement and feed water to all of the floors, and
sometimes aquatic creatures use these pipes. They swim
with the current in the pipes to move about the tower.
Griffon Mounts. The griffons that roost on the
window ledges of the tower could potentially be used
as mounts by anyone intrepid enough to figure out how
to tame them. Although the griffons are monstrosities,
they can be targeted with animal friendship and other
spells that target beasts. Mounting a charmed griffon
requires someone in the party to make a successful DC
18 Wisdom (Animal Handling) check.

General Features of Praxys
The ceilings are 30 ft. high unless otherwise noted.
Bronze Doors. The doors are bronze unless otherwise
noted. There are three types of doors. The small doors
are 5 ft. wide and 10 ft. high. The large doors are 10 ft.
wide and 25 ft. high. The double doors are each 5 ft.
wide and 25 ft. high. Opening a large or double door is
easy for large creatures. Medium and smaller creatures
Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

213

Inhabitants of Praxys
ID

214

Area

Creatures

Behavior When Tower is Alert

Sewage Expulsion
(Basement)

6 gibbering mouthers

They remain at the seaward end of the outflow pipe.

Water Pumps
(Basement)

8 merrows

They remain in their chamber operating the pumps.

The Bowl (Basement)

1 sea hag

She remains in her lair and hides from immediate dangers.

Entrance Level

6 gygans, 1 gygan hero,
1 giant shark

They remain on guard in the main entrance.

Chamber Level 1

Hergeron

Hergeron remains chained in his chamber.

Chamber Level 3

36 harpies

The harpies remain in the prison chamber.

S1

The Forge

Garzoon, 12 mermekes

They remain at work in the forge, and immediately attack
intruders.

S3

Mermekes Den

12 mermekes

They remain in the den, but will immediately attack any intruders
without waiting to see if they are hostile.

S4

The Bronze Pipes

6 water weirds

Remain in the pipes, unaware that any alert has been sounded.

S5

The Water Wheels

2 blemys

Remain in their chamber.

S6

The Elevator

1 gygan, 12 harpies

Remain on guard in the lift.

S9

The Bronze Molds

2 gygans, 9 myrmekes,
2 gorgons

A gygan will ride one of the gorgons and head to The Forge (S1).
The other gygan and gorgon remain here with the myrmekes.

S10

Golem Workshop

1 gygans, 9 myrmekes,
4 bronze automatons

The gygan will order the automatons to accompany him and
begin to patrol the forge level. Use them as reinforcements if you
want to increase the challenge of one battle on this floor.

S11

Myrmekes Queen

Myrmekes queen,
2 blemys

The queen remains imprisoned. The blemys will immediately
attack the queen if the door is opened, without waiting for
intruders to enter.

S12

Gygan Barracks

4 gygans

The gygans will immediately ready themselves for combat, but
remain in the barrack room.

S13

The Kitchen

Ramsus the Satyr,
4 goatling tricksters

The kitchen workers make a barricade in the kitchen and get
ready to defend themselves as best they can.

S15

Sparring Chamber

2 minotaur heroes,
2 gygan heroes

They remain at the sparring chamber and wait for the other
inhabitants to arrive.

S16

Central Corridor

4 minotaur heroes

The minotaur heroes will remain in the corridor to try and slow
down any intruders who appear.

S18

Fields of Elysium

Various

All the creatures in the demiplane remain there, unaware and
uncaring that the tower alarm has sounded.

S19

The Baths

6 gygans, 5 griffons

The gygans immediately arm themselves by going to the
sparring chamber, and then return to wait for intruders. The
griffons take off and circle the tower, taking themselves away
from any fighting.

S20

Gygan Barracks

3 gygan heroes

They arm themselves and head to the Sparring Chamber (S15).

S21

Minotaur Barracks

2 minotaur heroes

They arm themselves and head to the Sparring Chamber (S15).

S22

Waste Room

1 blemys

The giant will remain in the room, and attack anyone—even
tower inhabitants—who enter his freshly cleaned chamber.

S23

Chamber of Love

Talieus, 1 aurae nymph

Talieus will make his way to the Great Arena (S26). The nymph
will remain in the chamber.

S24

Chamber of Music

3 satyr minstrels,
2 gygan heroes

The gygan heroes will make their way to the Gygan Barracks
(S20), and then to the Sparring Chamber (S15) before returning
here if they find no threats. The satyrs remain in this chamber.

S25

Breeding Chamber

1 silver dragon,
2 gygan heroes

The gygans remain in this chamber to watch over the captive dragon.

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

Inhabitants of Praxys (Continued...)
ID

Area

Creatures

Behavior When Tower is Alert

S26

Great Arena

Normally empty

Talieus, son of Sydon, will make his way here when the tower is
alerted, accompanied by 6 goatling tricksters.

S27

Dragon Stables

1 young copper dragon,
1 young bronze dragon,
1 young silver dragon

The dragons are released into the Great Arena (S26) to attack
prisoners and the heroes.

S28

Throne Room

Normally empty

Sydon travels here if he senses that there are intruders on the floor.

S29

Main Hall

2 iron golems

The golems patrol the area without having to be specifically
activated.

S30

The Vault Entrance

1 cerberus

The cerberus remains in this room.

S32

Hall of Fallen Heroes

1 euryale medusa

The medusa remains in this room.

S33

Room of Far Sight

Alecto, Megaera, and
Tisiphone

The three Furies remain in this room.

must use an action, and opening the doors requires a
successful DC 10 Strength (Athletics) check.
Driftglobes. All of the rooms are lit by a single driftglobe that emanates light using the light spell. Unlike
the standard light spell, this light lasts for 8 hours
before ending. All of the inhabitants of Praxys know the
command word for the driftglobes. If the driftglobes are
taken from the tower, they cease to be magical.
Deafening Forge. The sound of distant furnaces,
hammering, and machinery can be heard throughout
the tower. On the Forge level these sounds are loudest,
but on the other levels it can still be heard as ambient
background noise. The sound makes it difficult for
tower inhabitants to hear the sounds of battle in rooms
that are close by. The DC for all Perception checks to
listen are also increased by 5.
Forbiddance. Each floor of the tower is protected by
a permanent forbiddance spell. The forbiddance for one

floor can be cancelled by a dispel magic at DC 19. The
forbiddance makes teleporting into the tower or using
magical gates or ethereal travel to gain entry impossible.
Sydon, his children, and any yugoloth in the tower know
the password to ignore the forbiddance.

The Inhabitants of Praxys
Many creatures live within the Tower. Some spend their
entire lives inside and never actually bother with the
outside world. The tower inhabitants go about their
daily activities as described in each room or chamber
description, unless the tower is alerted.
Alerting the Tower. When they are attacked, gygans,
minotaurs, and centaurs will send one of their number
to the central stair to alert the tower. If the horn on the
central stair is sounded, the tower moves to an alert
status. At this point, creatures will take the actions
described in the Inhabitants of Praxys table.

216

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

Event: March of the Titans
At any time, you may choose to have Sydon deploy a full
detachment of his army from the Heavens down to the
docks. Sydon has been sending his soldiers down each
day to join his gathering war fleet. The full detachment
consists of 240 gygans, 10 gygan heroes, 24 minotaurs,
and 8 minotaur heroes—all armed for war.
The detachment marches down the stairs, stopping at
each level to rest and give prayer to Sydon. It takes four

hours for them to reach the lowest level. They will only
stop if they are directly attacked. Otherwise, they ignore
what is happening on the levels—they know that Sydon
and his children will deal with intruders.
You can use this event to close off the main stairway
in order to force the heroes to find another route to
the upper levels. You can also use it to foreshadow the
looming conflict in the Battle of Mytros.

The Basement
Water Pumps

This underwater complex is where water is pumped
into the rest of the tower. Sewage and waste is also
disposed of through here. Spotting the inlet and outlet
pipes from the deck of the Ultros is a trivial task.
Anyone who briefly searches the shoreline will see
them in the water.



Water Intakes




Bronze pipes draw water from the ocean directly into
the tower. Each pipe is five feet in diameter and is
located just below the water level.




This pipe is where water is drawn from the ocean into
the Water Pumps chamber (see below). The current is
gentle and constant, making this an easy pathway into
the tower. The heroes only need to hold their breath to
be drawn through, and the pipes are large enough to
allow a centaur-sized creature to pass.

Sewage expulsion




Murky water surrounds several bronze pipes at the
base of the tower. These pipes spew a constant
stream of sewage into the ocean.


This is where sewage is expelled from the tower. It is
possible to enter the tower through this outflow, but as
the pumped water is flowing outward, it is not ideal.
A successful DC 15 Strength check is necessary to
battle through the artificial current. In addition, the
pipes are fouled by centuries of filth, and are now home
to a half-dozen gibbering mouthers who occupy the
seaward end of the pipe, feeding on everything that
flushes through it. These hideous creatures will attack
anything that enters their lair. Traveling all the way up
these pipes leads to the Waste Room (S22).



The bronze pipe leads into a large circular chamber
dominated by an intricate system of machinery that
pumps water into two large pipes that extend down
from the ceiling. The machines are operated by several
one-eyed aquatic humanoids.







The chamber is 40 ft. in diameter with a 10 ft. ceiling.
A doorway on the opposite side of the room leads to a
sea hag’s lair (The Bowl). This room is where water is
pumped up into the higher floors of the structure—no
trivial job, given the height of the tower. The machinery
is also imbued with some ancient magic that removes
most of the salt from seawater.
Bronze Pipes. There are two bronze pipes in the
ceiling, each 5 ft. in diameter. The first pipe pumps
water to rooms S5 and S10 of the tower. The second
pipe pumps water to room S19 of the tower. These
pipes are large enough to allow Medium-sized creatures to swim through them. Swimming through them
becomes more difficult if the pumps fail, but it's still
possible.
Merrow Tribe. A tribe of one-eyed merrow operate
the pumps, and all have the poor depth perception trait
typical of cyclopes, because they only have one eye. The
merrow have disadvantage on any attack roll against a
target more than 30 feet away. There are eight of them
in this chamber, but they are too busy to worry about
trespassers. However, they will defend themselves if
attacked, and they will answer the sea hag's call, if she
summons them to The Bowl.

The Bowl




Beyond the pump room is a bowl-shaped chamber.
Aquatic weeds hang from the ceiling, blocking your
view. The floor is flooded with bitterly-cold water.




Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

217

This room is 30 feet in diameter. A bowl of water elemental control is embedded in the floor in the center of
this room. An ancient sea hag lives here, and the entire
basement is considered to be her lair.
Once the hag is aware of intruders, she uses a lair
action to create illusory simulacrums of the heroes out
of weed and refuse. She will use these simulacrums
to distract and tease the heroes, but she won’t openly
attack. The hag is a lonely coward, and if the heroes
threaten her, she quickly surrenders. If questioned, she
explains how the bronze pipes can be used to traverse
the tower and reach the higher floors.
If she is attacked, she will use the water elemental

from the bowl to defend herself, and she will summon
the eight merrow from the Water Pumps chamber.
Lair Actions. On initiative count 20, the sea hag can
take a lair action to cause one of the following effects:

• The sea hag can create a simulacrum out of weed and

refuse. The simulacrum can be of any creature currently in her lair. The simulacrum lasts for one minute
and obeys every command of the hag. She can only
have one simulacrum at a time.
• The sea hag can cast the mislead spell. If the hag’s
illusion is the target of a spell or attack, it melts into a
puddle of oily black residue.

Entrance Level
The main entrance to the tower is protected by adamantine gates, powerful spell wards, and an entire detachment of gygan soldiers. However, if the main doors can
be opened by force, then the party can enter the tower
through this massive antechamber.




Once the doors are forced open, you enter a vast, open
space with ceilings reaching 100 feet high. You stand
on a wide stone bridge that leads to a massive stairwell
at the center of the chamber. Below the bridge, the
chamber is filled with a lake of dark, murky water.




A 20 ft. wide bridge leads to the central staircase that
ascends all the way to the top level of the tower. The
staircase was built for huge creatures, and even gygans

treat the stairs as difficult terrain. Fifty feet below the
bridge, the central shaft disappears beneath the water.
Three huge bronze pipes run upward along the walls.
Six gygans and one gygan hero guard the entrance
chamber. They can see outside through a one-foot
diameter bronze spyhole in the door, which can be
opened and closed. The gygans will only open the doors
for gygans who know the password (“Hergeron”)—or for
Sydon or one of his empyrean children.
The water is home to a giant shark. The gygans feed
the shark once a day with a chum bucket (which may be
a clue for the heroes that something lurks in the pool). In
combat the gygans will use their grapple ability and try
to toss injured enemies into the water, to be eaten by the
shark. Due to the murkiness of the water, the shark gains
advantage against anyone who doesn’t have blindsight.

The Chamber Levels
Between the main levels of the tower, there are three
chamber levels. The chamber levels have 100 ft. ceilings
and they are mostly empty. The central staircase passes
through the middle of each of these chambers, and
adamantine chains anchor the stair at regular intervals.
Bronze piping runs vertically through the chambers,
connecting the Water Pumps to the upper floors.

Chamber Level 1: The Titan




The walls around the staircase seem like nothing
you’ve ever encountered—a firm but supple material. Touching the fleshy walls provokes a feeling of
unease. Worse than that is the smell: a putrid aroma
fills the air.


Sydon thinks he's so great and powerful, living
at the top of his giant tower. What do you

think he's compensating for, eh? Pythor needs
no such tower! Anyway, I bet my little statue
in Mytros could smash that place to rubble.

—Pythor, God of Battle

218

This is where Hergeron (CN elder empyrean), the
Titan, has been imprisoned by Sydon. Unlike the other
chambers, this one is only 10 feet in height. Hergeron
lies naked and twisted in a half circle around the stairs.
His legs are pinned to the floor by adamantine spikes
that run from the floor to the ceiling. The empyrean is
now completely insane, and this can only be cured by
a wish spell. He is also trapped by powerful magic, and
only another wish spell can free him.



Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

219

220

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

Gygans. Every day, a party of six gygans arrives at
dawn, noon, and dusk to collect food for The Kitchens
(S13). They attack trespassers without hesitation.

If the party speaks to him, Hergeron is almost entirely
incomprehensible and obviously in great pain. However,
it's clear that he's trying to communicate something of
great importance to the party. Some of the intelligible
phrases that he speaks are like riddles:

Chamber Level 3: The Prisons

• Take the flame from the silver star and lure its dying,



forgotten love away from the celestial sea!
• Sydon has twisted the dragons into something
wretched—the silver mother will not forgive him!



Your senses are assaulted as you enter this huge
chamber. All around you are prison cages hanging
from chains. The prisoners inside are tormented by the
wailing songs of harpies that nest in the walls of this
vast room. Between the sound and smell of the harpies
and the pitiful whimpering of the prisoners, this prison
is a nightmarish place. The central stairway continues
upward for 100 feet, vanishing into the ceiling.

If someone casts a 3rd level or higher healing spell on
Hergeron, it will take away his pain and calm him for
a few minutes. In this case, he is coherent enough to
answer questions. He has a vast memory, and he knows
much about what is happening in the tower. Asking him
questions is equivalent to casting a commune spell.





This prison for Sydon’s captives echoes with the hopeless
cries of prisoners, and the melodious, seductive singing of
harpies. There are ten cube-shaped cages hanging from
the ceiling at various heights. You may choose which prisoners to put in the cages. Here are some suggestions:

Hergeron's Cryptic Words
Hergeron's riddles refer to the Fallen Star (S37), and the
clone of Balmytria in the Dragon's Chamber (S25). If his
pain can be eased, then he will explain the riddles.

• Any NPC from the Dramatis Personae appendix that
the heroes have yet to meet on their travels.

Chamber Level 2: The Freezer


• Crew members from the Ultros who have been taken


Your breath freezes and your teeth chatter as you enter
this chamber. A thick layer of ice coats everything in
sight. The central stair continues upwards, but this is
clearly where food is stored to keep it from spoiling.




This is a freezer for perishable foods. Everything in
this 100-foot-tall chamber is coated in ice. Bare skin
instantly sticks to objects in this room, so the party
should be careful touching things or walking barefoot.
Peeling away stuck hands or feet requires an action and
causes 1d4 cold damage.
Storage Platforms. The adamantine chains connected
to the central stair are coated in ice. The tops of the icy
chains have been smoothed and can be used as paths to
reach the walls. Platforms have been carved into the ice
walls and are stacked with barrels, slabs of meats and
fish, casks of wine, crates of grain, and many other foodstuffs. Ladders have been carved into the ice to allow the
tower’s inhabitants to climb up and down to different
platforms to reach the stores.

There was a time when Lutheria shared the throne of Praxys
with her husband, and the tower was said to be a place
of great beauty. But eventually, the Lady of Dreams grew
bored with her insipid twin and began to play practical jokes
on him. Sydon once demanded a chorus of voices be raised
to celebrate the forging of his glaive. Lutheria captured
hundreds of sirens and brought them before the throne...

prisoner by Sydon’s children and servants while the
heroes have been busy exploring the tower.
• A selection of Amazon warriors, Mytrosian sailors,
and long-neglected dead prisoners.

Terrifying Nest of Harpies
Three dozen harpies have been encouraged to nest
along the walls. They torment the living prisoners with
songs, but they ignore anyone traveling up the central
stairway. If someone tries to interfere with the harpies
or their prisoners, then the harpies will attack. They
have significant advantages due to their numbers.
The harpies use their luring song on trespassers, and
each trespasser will be targeted by 1d6 harpies. Each
hero must make a saving throw against each song at
disadvantage. The harpies fly close to the ceiling, so
that if someone throws themselves from the stairs to
reach them due to the luring song, that creature will fall
and take 35 (10d6) bludgeoning damage. Anyone who
falls will be attacked by a dozen harpies with advantage
on their claw and bite attacks. If half of the harpies are
killed, then the surviving harpies will flee through a
small hole in the wall and roost outside the tower.

...demanding that they sing for her husb
and. They sang
for days on end, until their voices wer
e raw. When at
last their voices gave out, they began
to transform into
hideous harpies. Sydon has never forg
iven his sister for
infesting his tower with the loathsome
creatures, but
Lutheria still laughs about it to this
day.
— Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria

The Forge
The forge is used by cyclopes and gygans to build weapons, armor, automatons, and golems for Sydon’s coming
war against the mortals of Thylea.

The Forge Key
S1. The Forge Room
S2. Garzoon’s Chambers
S3. Myrmekes Den
S4. The Bronze Pipes
S5. The Water Wheels
S6. The Elevator
S7. The Iron Saddle

Wandering Monsters
The heroes may randomly encounter 1d4 blemys or
gygans in the halls of the Forge. Use these creatures as
reinforcements to challenge the party.

S1. The Forge Room




This room seems to be an ancient forge. The air is
stiflingly hot from the hearth, and heavy iron tools are
scattered around. A cyclops and several strange insectmen are hunched over the hearth, hard at work.




Garzoon (CE jancan mage) works at the forge, building
weapons, golems, and constructs. He has gone slightly
mad from centuries of overwork, but he's still one of the
finest smiths in all of Thylea. He has enough of his wits
remaining to trade the password to The Treasury (S14)
in the event that this life is threatened.
Garzoon is assisted by twelve advanced myrmekes;
they are effective servants due to their intellect and ability to learn quickly. They are also utterly loyal, because
Sydon keeps their queen as a prisoner. Garzoon attacks
trespassers in his forge, and the myrmekes assist him.
If Garzoon is defeated, the myrmekes will immediately stop attacking and then ask the heroes to free their
queen. They speak telepathically, but their minds are
so alien that no other thoughts can be understood. The
myrmekes will not aid the heroes in any way, even by
giving out information about the tower, because they
fear Sydon’s potential retaliation on their queen.
The Bronze Trap. At the center of the room is a
giant-sized lever that can be pulled to trigger the trap
in the Iron Saddle (S7), if it hasn’t yet been triggered. If
the trap has been triggered already, then the lever can
be pulled to unblock the door by raising the adamantine
block via a pulley system in the ceiling. Pulling the lever
requires a combined Strength of 20.
The Windows. The windows in this room are permanent walls of force which cannot be dispelled.

S2. Garzoon’s Chambers




This room is dominated by a giant-sized bed, a chest,
dresser, and nightstand. The room is neat and orderly,
and very unlike the living chambers of most cyclopes.
Everything seems to be precisely arranged.


222

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don



S8. The Central Stair
S9. The Bronze Molds
S10. Golem Workshop
S11. Myrmekes Queen
S12. Gygan Barracks
S13. The Kitchens
S14. The Treasury

This is where Garzoon the cyclops sleeps and lives. He
keeps his clothes and money in here, but his most prized
possessions are in The Treasury (S14). His room is neat
and tidy so that he can immediately tell if anyone has
touched his things—a sign of his madness. He believes
that he is being watched all the time—by everyone!
Garzoon's Journal. On the nightstand is the giantsized journal where Garzoon records his thoughts (in
the Giant language). Anyone reading the journal will
quickly realize that Garzoon is paranoid and slightly
insane. He trusts no one, and he hints at a secret treasury that no one knows about—not even Sydon.
The journal makes it obvious that Sydon is pushing
Garzoon hard to prepare an army to conquer the people
of Mytros. Garzoon loves to forge weapons and armor,
but he's a perfectionist who hates to be rushed. His journal includes fantasy scenarios where he quits and Sydon
is forced to beg him to come back.
Treasure
The chest at the foot of the bed contains 15,000 sp and
3,000 gp. Many of the coins are very ancient and depict
six-armed cyclopes wearing laurel crowns.

S3. Myrmekes Den




There is a dark, inhuman feel to this room. Large slimy
egg-things are arranged along the walls, almost like
beds. Inside these strange pods, twelve strange, winged
insect-men are apparently resting.




This chamber is the lair of the advanced myrmekes.
There are usually a dozen myrmekes resting up at any
given time. They are not hostile unless provoked, and
they will communicate telepathically with anyone who
enters their lair peacefully. A certain caution on the part
of visitors is acceptable; open aggression is not.
The myrmekes explain that they are Sydon’s unwilling
servants, because their queen is being held prisoner. The
myrmekes will beg the heroes to free their queen and
help them regain their freedom. Once the queen is safe,
the myrmekes are quite clear that they will do anything
possible to assist the heroes.

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

223

S4. The Bronze Pipes


S6. The Elevator




These cramped bronze pipes transfer water from level
to level. Swimming through them is a cramped and
unpleasant experience.




The bronze pipes provide water to all but the top most
tower levels. Six water weirds patrol the pipes to keep
them clean. For every 10 minutes spent in the pipes
by any group of heroes, there is a 25% chance of being
attacked by two of the water weirds. The party needs
some form of waterbreathing in order to traverse the
pipes without drowning.
The pipes take water to The Water Wheels (S5) and
to the Golem Workshop (S10). A tiny-sized creature can
access a pipe leading to the Kitchens (S13). The pipes
also carry water further up the tower, and the heroes can
use them to reach The Baths (S19).

S5. The Water Wheels




Large bronze pipes gush water onto the wheels
that power various pieces of machinery in here. The
contents of this room are squeezed in tightly, leaving
little room for the two groaning, headless giants who
apparently maintain the machinery.




The huge water wheels power much of the machinery
on this tower level. The two blemys do the necessary
work to keep the machinery running. They have very
little room to move about the cramped chamber, but
they fight to the death anyway.
Bronze Pipes. This room can be accessed via the
network of bronze pipes that runs through the tower
(see The Bronze Pipes, S4). Anyone entering the room
through the pipes must succeed on a DC 15 Dexterity
saving throw or take 7 (2d6) bludgeoning damage from
the wheels. The pipes can be entered with a successful
DC 20 Strength check to fight through the current of
outflowing water. The water drains at the bottom of
the wheel, but there is only enough room for a creature
of tiny size to squeeze through. The drains lead to the
sewage pipes and eventually the ocean.
Secret Door. The entrance leading to The Treasury
(S14) is concealed in the southern wall by dirt and oil. It
can be detected with a passive Perception check of 15,
or by an active search (no check required).

Praxys is truly a marvel of ingenuity. The tower must be
thousands of years old, and yet we have nothing like it in
Mytros or Estoria. I'm sure that my father would love to
have a chance to examine the interior...
224

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

—Kyrah, Goddess of Music



This magnificent bronze elevator is large enough for
a giant, and it offers plenty of room for human-sized
creatures to stand comfortably. The bronze etchings on
the walls and floor are intricate and beautiful.




The bronze elevator is a moving room that can take
anyone up to the next level of the tower. It is guarded
and operated by one gygan who will attack anyone who
doesn’t look like an inhabitant of the tower. The elevator
can be used to access The Heavens (S17).
Activating the Elevator. A bell hangs down from a
large hook and is obviously meant to be struck to start
the chamber’s movement. It is not, however, a mechanical device—it is actually powered by a flock of twelve
harpies. They nest along the elevator shaft, and when
the bell is wrung, they fly down and grab hooks in the
top of the chamber. The harpies are strong enough to
move the elevator upwards by one level, and then they
must rest for 1 hour. The elevator descends via gravity,
and its speed is slowed by a system of gears.
The harpies are mostly harmless since they can’t get at
anyone in the elevator. However, if they are annoyed by
whoever is using the elevator, they will use their luring
song and laugh as anyone inside the elevator futilely tries
to reach them through the bronze lattice work.

S7. The Iron Saddle




This chamber is entirely covered in iron—walls, ceiling
and floor—almost like a prison cell. A huge iron statue
of a snake-like medusa stands in the center of the
room on a raised dais. On the medusa's back is a
saddle that is large enough to seat several humanoids.
On the opposite wall is an adamantine door with an
iron door knocker.




This entrance hall to the Forge Room is trapped, thanks
to Garzoon’s creative insanity and hard work.
The double doors leading into the Forge are made
of adamantine and barred from the other side. If the
knocker is used, a small viewing window will open in the
door and one of the myrmekes will ask for the proper
password (“Noozrag”). Garzoon activates the trap from
the Forge Room (S1) after three failed attempts.
The Magma Trap. The entrance door seals thanks to
an adamantine block some 5 feet thick. Two holes open
in the ceiling and magma pours into the chamber. The
flow covers the floor within one round. Anyone in contact with the magma takes 55 (10d10) fire damage. The
air of the room becomes superheated by the 4th round,
and anyone in the air takes 21 (6d6) fire damage.

The Medusa Statue. The one apparently safe place in
the chamber is the statue. It remains cool, as does the air
within 5 feet of it. Its saddle can hold six Medium-sized
creatures. However, one round after someone sits in the
saddle, the statue will begin to buck.
To stay in the saddle, a creature must make a successful DC 10 Dexterity (Acrobatics) or Strength
(Athletics) check. On a failure, they are flung 10 feet in a
random direction into the magma. The DC of the check
increases by 1 every round. Someone sitting in front or
behind a creature who loses their grasp in this way can
use their reaction to make a DC 15 Athletics check to
grab them and keep them safely on the saddle.
After five rounds, the magma drains into a chamber
below. One round later, the statue stops rocking, and a
myrmekes will open the adamantine door in order to
investigate. Garzoon’s trap cannot be reset.

S8. The Central Stair




These stairs are of a scale to suit giants, cyclopes, and
other huge creatures. A few steps up the stairway, a
large bronze horn is suspended from the ceiling, perhaps intended for guards to sound an alarm.


S10. Golem Workshop


S9. The Bronze Molds




This room is a casting workshop of some kind. An
oversized mold of a bull hangs from the ceiling, glowing
red from the liquid metal inside. Six-armed gygans
and winged insect men work side by side, assembling
various parts into massive bronze bulls. Two completed
bulls stand along one wall.


This molding room is where the gorgons for the coming
war effort are constructed. There are two gygans
directing nine advanced myrmekes to put the creatures
together from molded parts. There are two gorgons in
here that are already operational.
The gygans and gorgons attack trespassers on sight.
The myrmekes will stand aside as a group and watch the
battle with cold curiosity. They will only fight to defend



Stone slabs overflow with bronze and iron parts. A
massive iron press looms in the center of the room,
and there is a pipe-fed water trough on the south wall.
Gygans supervise insect men as they piece together
human-looking constructs of some kind.



The central stair is not designed with humans in mind.
Any creature smaller than a cyclops must treat the stairs
as difficult terrain.
On each floor, there is a large horn. It takes an action
to blow a horn. When a horn is blown, the sound carries
all the way to the top of the tower. The tower’s inhabitants immediately move to “alert” status when the horn
is sounded. See the table in The Inhabitants of Praxys
section, above, for the various effects this can have on
the tower's denizens.



themselves if attacked. Once the gygans and gorgons are
dead, the myrmekes will try to convince the heroes to
free their queen.
The Portcullis. As a bonus action, one gygan can pull
a lever close to the forge. The lever seals the main door
with an adamantine portcullis. The portcullis requires a
combined Strength of 30 to lift. At your discretion, the
sound of the portcullis may be loud enough to attract
the attention of the blemys in The Water Wheels (S5).
The blemys arrive as reinforcements 2 rounds later.
The Molten Trap. As an action, any Large-sized creature can pull a lever on the gorgon bull mold that hangs
from the ceiling, causing the floor to flood with molten
metal. Anyone standing more than 5 feet from a wall
will be hit by the molten bronze. They must make a DC
15 Dexterity saving throw or take 36 (8d8) fire damage
(half damage on a successful save).
Window Ledges. There are windows in this chamber.
One of the window ledges is the nest of a mated pair
of griffons. The griffons are not hostile, but they are
protective of their nest.





This is the assembly shop for bronze automatons that
will be used in Sydon’s armies.
A single gygan supervises eight advanced myrmekes
that are finishing the assembly of a bronze mechanical
warrior on the central iron press. The bronze construct
resembles a human-sized cyclops.
Assembly involves putting all of the needed pieces in
their proper positions on the central iron press. The top
part of the press then lowers into place and the parts are
superheated. When the press opens, water flows over it,
cooling the new mechanical warrior.
The finished versions are bronze automatons. Four
bronze automatons are currently operational and stand
in a perfect parade line against the east wall.
The gygans and the four bronze automatons attack
intruders while the myrmekes continue working at the
press. The gygan will direct some of the bronze automatons to move onto the central press, hoping that the
heroes will follow them. If at least one intruder is on the
press, the gygan will pull a lever to activate it.
The Press. Anyone on the press must make a DC 15
Dexterity saving throw or be crushed by the press for
55 (10d10) bludgeoning damage. Anyone who survives
the damage is stuck in the machinery and must make a
DC 20 Athletics check to escape. Anyone reduced to 0
Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

225

S12. Gygan Barracks

hit points by the damage is crushed into bloody paste.
Automatons on the press are crushed when it is activated, and they don’t recognize it as a threat.
Bronze Pipes. This room can be accessed via the
network of bronze pipes that runs through the tower
(see The Bronze Pipes, S4). The pipes supply water to
the press. Anyone entering the room from the pipes
will stand up in 3 ft. of water in the water trough.
Re-entering the pipes is easy to do from the trough.



S11. Myrmekes Queen






In the center of this sparse chamber is an enormous,
bloated insectoid. The creature is vaguely humanoid
in form, but it is giant-sized and has six legs. Each of
the prisoner's legs are bound with chains, preventing
it from moving. Two headless cyclopean figures stand
watch over the insect creature.


Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don



This is where the gygans garrison lives when off duty.
There are usually 4 gygans asleep in this room at any
time. Smaller, human-sized guests are given space here as
well.
Treasure. Each chest contains the personal equipment for two gygans. Each has 4d20 gp and 8d20 sp.

S13. The Kitchens


The door to this room is locked, and it requires a DC 20
Dexterity check with thieves’ tools to open.
This is the prison where Sydon keeps the myrmekes
queen locked away. By keeping her prisoner, Sydon
keeps all of the myrmekes in the tower loyal. Sydon has
always been interested in the possibilities of the myrmekes race, but he is very wary of the damage that they
could do to the world if one of their queens were to be
set loose, backed by resentful followers.
The myrmekes queen imprisoned here is guarded
by two blemys cyclops. They are under orders to kill
the queen if anyone breaks into the chamber. They will
focus their attacks on the queen until she is dead, and
then turn their attacks on trespassers. The blemys are
intelligent enough to turn their attacks on the party if
they feel that their lives are in danger.
The Queen Lives. If the myrmekes queen lives, she
will try to bargain for a way out of Praxys. She summons
all of the myrmekes on the level to her. Then she offers
one of her advanced myrmekes as a companion to each
of the heroes in exchange for a clear path to freedom.
The Queen Dies. If the myrmekes queen is killed,
then the rest of the myrmekes sink into a torpor and will
not react to anything that happens around them, with
two exceptions. Firstly, any hero who took part in killing
the myrmekes queen will be marked by the scent of her
death. Any myrmekes in the same area as a queenslayer
will attempt to kill the offender, even at the cost of its
own life. All other enemies will be ignored. Secondly, the
myrmekes will still defend themselves if attacked.
Letting the myrmekes queen leave the tower is a very
bad idea. Refer to Titan’s Folly in The Cerulean Gulf
chapter for details about the consequences. It could spell
the eventual doom of all other intelligent races.

226



This barracks seems normal except for the size of
everything. The ten bunk beds are exactly like you’d
find in army barracks anywhere—except much bigger.
In front of every pair of beds is a massive chest, and
along one wall are some normal-sized beds, which
appear childlike in contrast to the others.





A spicy, delicious aroma fills this room, which is obviously a kitchen. Pans clatter as four goatlings scurry
along, hard at work, assisting the chef in his day-to-day
tasks. The chef is a satyr who leans over a large iron
stove. The room bustles with activity and warmth.




The chef is Ramsus (NE satyr) who is assisted by 4
goatling tricksters. The kitchen staff are not excited by
the idea of fighting, and Ramsus has no great love for
Sydon. He is willing to help the heroes, but the goatlings
only want to cause mischief.
Goatling Pranksters. The goatlings will hurl insults
at the heroes in an attempt to enrage them. If they are
threatened, they will use mislead to turn invisible and
make their escape. Then they will follow the heroes and
use their polymorph powers to turn the heroes’ enemies
into giant crocodiles, wooly mammoths, or whatever
other strange beasts they think are funny.
Ramsus's Plan. If the heroes persuade Ramsus to help
them, he suggests the following plan. He will hide the
heroes in a feast and send it to the top level of the tower.
They will hide in giant-sized loaves of bread, and the
gygans—who arrive within an hour—will use the elevator to take the food directly to the Throne Room (S28).
Dinner is Served. If the throne room is empty, then
the heroes can wait until the gygans leave before breaking the bread and exploring. However, if the throne
room is occupied by Sydon or his children, then the
heroes might wish to stay hidden until the Titans leave.
In this case, there is a 50% chance that one of the Titans
will be hungry enough to break open the bread and
reveal the heroes, much to their annoyed delight.
Bronze Pipes. This room can be accessed via the network of bronze pipes that runs through the tower (see
The Bronze Pipes, S4). Only creatures of Tiny size can

reach the kitchens. The pipes that feed the water into
the kitchen are too small for larger creatures.
The Portcullis. A lever in the kitchen activates an
adamantine portcullis that seals off the room. Lifting the
portcullis requires a combined Strength of 30. Ramsus
will use it to divide intruders in the event of a battle.

S14. The Treasury




A stone corridor stretches ahead of you, and two stone
cyclops heads decorate the walls. The hall is lined with
javelins, and it leads to a heavy adamantine door.




This is where Garzoon (The Forge Room, S1) keeps his
secret treasure stash. The entrance is hidden in the
southern wall of The Water Wheels (S5).
Garzoon has fashioned a deadly trap in the secret hall
that leads to the room. It is activated if anyone touches
the door without saying the password (“Talieus”).
The two stone cyclops heads, one on the south side of
the hall and one on the north, are part of the trap. The
eyes in these heads watch whoever walks in. The door
that leads to the treasury is made from adamantine and
is locked. It requires a successful DC 20 Dexterity check
using thieves' tools to open.
Javelin Trap. The halls are lined with javelins: 40 in
total. There is a tiny mechanical latch inside the door
that triggers the hallway trap. If the door is opened
slowly, a successful DC 20 Investigation check reveals
the latch. A successful DC 15 Dexterity check is
required to disarm the latch in time to stop the trap.
If the trap is triggered, then the two cyclops
heads shoot a bolt of lightning that fills the hallway.
Everyone in the hall must make a DC 20 Dexterity
saving throw or they take (35) 10d6 lightning damage

(half damage on a save). The lightning also electrifies
all of the javelins.
Next, 1d4 javelins per person per round jump from
the wall and fly towards their targets. The javelins have
+10 to hit and each hit inflicts 1d6 piercing damage and
4d6 lightning damage. There are 40 javelins in total, and
each can attack only once.
Disabling the Trap. There are ways to disable the
trap before it triggers. Placing a blindfold over the
cyclopes' eyes will prevent the trap from triggering. If
the javelins are tied down, removed from the room, or
broken, then they won't be capable of attacking.
Treasure
This is where Garzoon keeps everything that he's most
proud of creating, including masterwork items that he
refused to surrender to Sydon.
The Quiver of Ehlonna hangs from one wall, and
inside are three javelins of lightning. There is also a mannequin of a gygan, and each pair of its hands is wearing
a different set of gloves: gloves of missile snaring, gloves
of swimming and climbing, and gauntlets of ogre strength.
Coins with a total value of 2,500 pp are heaped along the
west wall. There are also three chests. One chest has two
dozen pearls worth 100 gp each. The second chest has a
dozen black pearls each worth 500 gp.
Chest of Beetles. The third chest has twelve miniature
mezzoloths inside. Each of the mezzoloths is 6 inches
tall and looks like a large humanoid beetle. When the
chest is opened, they immediately begin climbing up
the sides of the chest to escape. The heroes should roll
for initiative. At initiative counts 12 through 1, a single
mezzoloth will reach the outside, grow to full size, and
attack. Closing the chest will prevent any mezzoloths
still inside from escaping. If the lid is closed, the chest
rattles violently for a moment and then grows still.
Reopening the chest restarts the process.

The Heavens
The Heavens are where the greatest heroes of Thylea
are summoned by Sydon to dwell forever. Time doesn’t
move forward on this level, so anyone living here is
effectively immortal. Great heroes of the centaurs,
minotaurs, gygans, and other ancient races of Thylea
exist on this level. Some are effectively more than a
thousand years old, but for them, no time has passed
since they arrived. The denizens of the Heavens are
mostly oblivious to their detachment from the rest of
Thylea, and they care little about the outside world.
The greatest aspiration of knights in the Order of
Sydon is to be granted the honor of dwelling on this
level of Praxys. The northern wall of this level connects
to a demi-plane of nearly endless beautiful fields, peaceful forestlands, clear streams, and picturesque mountains. Sydon is good to his most loyal servants.

Wandering Monsters
The heroes may randomly encounter one gygan hero
or minotaur hero in the halls of the Heavens. Use these
creatures as reinforcements to challenge the heroes if
they are making progress too easily.

S15. Sparring Chamber




This large, open chamber is filled with the smell of
sweat and coppery blood. A fearsome minotaur and a
massive gygan warrior are fighting each other, honing
their skills for battle.




Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

227

228

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

Seductive Feeling. Heroes who enter the demiplane
are overcome with a feeling of joy, and anyone who
remains here for more than an hour must make a DC
10 Wisdom saving throw or else they refuse to leave.
Characters who wish to stay will actively resist being
removed. The party may be forced to lure them out by
force or with magic. Once removed from the demiplane,
the feeling of joy dissipates after 1 minute.
Birds and Beasts. The plane is populated by wild
animals, including dangerous species such as wolves
and bears. Most of these animals are larger and more
majestic than their counterparts in Thylea or the outer
world.
Despite the beauty and tranquility of these Elysian
fields, they are dangerous for trespassers. When Sydon's
warriors discover trespassers here, they immediately
engage them in battle. Possible encounters include:

The Heavens Key
M15. Sparring Chamber
M16. Central Corridor
M17. The Elevator
M18. Fields of Elysium
M19. The Baths
M20. Gygan Barracks
M21. Minotaur Barracks

M22. Waste Room
M23. Chamber of Love
M24. Chamber of Music
M25. Dragon’s Chamber
M26. The Great Arena
M27. The Dragon Stables

This is where great warriors test their mettle against
one other. At almost any time of the day, two minotaur
heroes and two gygan heroes can be found here. One
minotaur and one gygan will be sparring in the central
pit while the other pair watch and pass judgement. The
sparring creatures have half their hit points remaining.
All of them will attack trespassers on sight.

S16. Central Corridor
This central corridor connects all of the chambers
and rooms on this level. It is always patrolled by four
minotaur heroes who intercept trespassers. There are
carefully concealed wall triggers on each corner of the
central corridor. These can be spotted with a passive
Perception score of 15 or higher. When one of the triggers is pushed, it activates all of the scythe blade traps
along the corridor at the places marked X.
Scythe Blade Traps. The minotaurs are clever enough
to lure opponents into standing in these dangerous positions while their comrades activate the trap. At these
points, five-foot-wide, razor-sharp, adamantine blades
will shoot out at intervals of 2 feet. Anyone standing
in the area when the blades deploy must make a DC
15 Dexterity saving throw or take 54 (12d8) slashing
damage (half damage on a successful save). Anyone
reduced to 0 hit points is sliced into 2d4 chunks.

1. A mob of twelve centaur heroes led by one ancient
centaur druid roams the plains.
2. Twelve gygan heroes compete in feats of strength.
Some wrestle, while others lift large weights.
3. A pack of twelve dire wolves hunts at night; the
heroes hear howling before the pack attacks them.
4. A huge mother bear (polar bear with maximum hit
points) and her four cubs (brown bears) wander
through the woods, searching for food.
5. A great boar crashes through the tall grass, pursued
by twelve lions and a majestic golden lion.
6. A white stag runs through the woods, pursued by a
hunting band of five minotaur heroes.

S19. The Baths


Two enormous bathtubs are full of water that spills in
from bronze pipes. Steam rises from one bath, whereas
the other bath appears to be full of cold water. Gygans
are lounging in the tubs, rinsing off sweat from a hard
day’s work. You hear feminine voices from one of the
adjacent changing rooms.

S17. The Elevator
This elevator can be used to access the other two levels,
The Forge (S6) and The Throne (S36). It is unguarded on
this level. Refer to The Elevator (S17) for details about
how the elevator is powered and activated.



S18. Fields of Elysium




This room should be impossible. The walls of the tower
open out onto rolling fields under beautiful blue skies.
Verdant countryside stretches for miles, filled with
colorful flowers and lush vegetation. Birds and beasts
roam freely. What strange magic allows such an enormous space to exist within the walls of the tower?






Four male gygan heroes are bathing, while two female
gygan heroes are getting dressed. None of the gygans
have weapons or armor, so their Armor Class is reduced
to 14. Their multiattack, jancan shortsword, and javelin
attacks are replaced by the following:
Naked Gygan Attacks



Multiattack. The gygan makes five attacks: one with its
grapple and four with its slam.
Slam. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 8 (1d4 + 6) bludgeoning damage.

The entire wall of this room is open to the demiplane of
Elysium, which spreads out for miles in every direction
and is beautiful beyond words.
Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

229

If they are attacked, the gygans will try to retrieve
the weapons and armor that they stashed in the Gygan
Barracks (S20). Two of them will act as rearguards so
that the others have time to arm themselves.
Bronze Pipes. This room can be accessed via the
network of bronze pipes that runs through the tower
(see The Bronze Pipes, S4). To enter the pipes from here,
a successful DC 15 Strength check is required to open
the valve that stops the water from flowing into the bath.
The valve closes automatically unless it is propped open.
If this is done, The Baths and the rest of the tower level
will eventually become flooded, bringing attention to
this room. Opening the valves from within the room
only requires someone to rotate a large bronze wheel
beside each pipe. Anyone moving through the pipe that
feeds the hot bath takes 10 (3d6) fire damage from the
magical heat that suffuses the last 5 ft. of the pipe.
Window Ledge. The windows here provide a beautiful view of the oceans. Five griffons are perched on the
window ledges at any given time. They will only attack
if they are disturbed. They are accustomed to the loud
noises made by the gygans during bathtime.

S20. Gygan Barracks






The gygan barracks are richly-appointed. There are six
bunk beds in the room for the gygans and six bunk beds
for human-sized guests. There are usually three gygan
heroes sleeping in this room.
The windows provide a view into the Fields of Elysium
(S18). It is possible to climb through them, but this
is a one-way trip, because the windows don't exist on
the other side. Heroes who climb through them arrive
several miles from the usual entrance to the demiplane
(area S18). Navigating back into the tower from here
requires two successful DC 20 Wisdom (Survival)
checks, and each attempt takes 1 hour.
If the windows are viewed from the other side (from
the Fields of Elysium), the interior of the gygan barracks
can be seen. However, it isn’t actually a window, it is a
magical effect that makes the wall appear transparent.

S21. Minotaur Barracks




This room has large, sturdy bunk beds. The room is
otherwise empty, but it smells like a barnyard. A single
window looks out across lush fields and blue skies.


230

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

Minotaurs of Praxys
The minotaurs of Praxys are from a lineage that repented
the original sins of their tribe, swearing oaths of fealty to
the Lord of Storms. Their bloodlines have served him for
centuries, in spite of his treatment of other minotaurs.

S22. Waste Room




This room can only be described as a giant privy. There
are toilets designed for creatures of all sizes, from
giants to humans. The room is kept clean by an enormous “headless” giant who is angrily scrubbing at every
surface. When it looks up, you see that it has a mouth
and eyes in the middle of its hairy chest.


Six oversized bunk beds fill this room. There are several
smaller, human-sized beds as well, perhaps for visitors
to the tower. All of the beds are richly-decorated with
soft cotton and fine silks. Windows along the north
wall look out into lush green fields and blue skies.


There are four bunk beds in the room, and usually there
are 2 minotaur heroes sleeping in here. As with the
Gygan Barracks (S20), the window looks out onto the
demiplane of Elysium, and the same conditions apply to
anyone who climbs through it.





This room smells unpleasant at best, even with the
apparently tireless efforts of its caretaker. The blemys
has been given the task of keeping the place clean. It is
a constant struggle, and he is very angry with everyone
and everything. He will happily take out that anger on
any intruder who disturbs him.
Flushing Toilets. The pipes from the toilets lead
straight down to the waste pipe that empties into the
ocean at the bottom of the tower. This is a possible
escape route, but any character who attempts to use it
must make a DC 10 Constitution saving throw or else
they are too physically repulsed to enter, and they must
have some kind of waterbreathing spell or item.

S23. Chamber of Love




The lulling sounds of a beautiful song fill this chamber.
Through a haze of pleasant-smelling smoke, you can
see a canopied bed, a plush rug, and long, flowing curtains. The singing comes from a beautiful fey woman,
who is perched on the bed, singing to a handsome
giant who appears to be in a deep, restful sleep.


This chamber is furnished for a giant-sized king. An
aurae nymph is singing softly while sitting on the
edge of the bed. Talieus (NE young empyrean), one
of Sydon’s children, is asleep in the bed, having been
relaxed by her beautiful voice. The nymph does not
want to fight the heroes or awaken her companion. She
is in love with Talieus and does not want to see him



harmed. With a successful DC 16 Persuasion check, the
nymph can be convinced to keep him fast asleep for the
next 24 hours.
Awakening Talieus. If the heroes do wake Talieus, he
will fight his way out of the room to sound the alarm at
the stairwell. He then races to the Throne Room (S28).
He will also bellow for help, attracting the attention of
any nearby creatures on this level. The nymph will recklessly attack the first hero who harms Talieus.
Treasure. Talieus carries a silver key around his neck
that can be used to unlock Nephele's adamantine shackles in the Dragon's Chamber (S25).

S24. Chamber of Music




This room is occupied by a trio of satyr minstrels who
play a soulful melody on beautiful instruments. The
room is very comfortable, and an audience of two
gygans are relaxing in the room, listening intently to
the music. Four marble statues of handsome naked
men stand in the corners of the room.




Outraged at the interruption of their pleasures, the two
gygan heroes will immediately attack trespassers.
Clever Musicians. When the gygans attack, the
three satyr minstrels continue to play music as if
oblivious to the battle around them. In fact, they are
using their music to disguise the magical assistance
that they are providing to the gygans. If someone is
suspicious of the minstrels, a passive Perception of
15 reveals that they are using spells. Otherwise, they
appear to be lost in their music and unaware of their
surroundings.
Marble Statues. The statues look like they might be
marble golems, but in fact, they are ordinary statues.
Treasure. The satyrs’ instruments are carved from the
bones of copper and bronze dragons (Nephele's mates).
The harp is worth 5,000 gp, the drums are worth 1,000
gp, and the horn is worth 7,500 gp.

S25. The Dragon's Chamber


This large, cold room is a prison for a beautiful silver
dragon. She is guarded by two gygans, who shift their
weight nervously under the dragon's hateful gaze. The
dragon appears to be healthy, but she is collared and
shackled to the floor by multiple loops of chain.

Nephele (NE adult silver dragon) is being kept prisoner here. Her chains are adamantine, but they can
be unlocked with the silver key held by Talieus in the
Chamber of Love (S23). She is guarded and fed by two
gygan heroes, who attack trespassers on sight.

The Will of the Gods
If Kyrah or Pythor are with the party, they immediately
recognize the dragon as a clone of their mother. They both
wish to see the dragon freed. They explain that Nephele is
an evil shadow of the ancient dragon Balmytria, but even
so, they cannot bear to see her shackled.

Nephele's Shackles. The collar around the dragon’s
neck is magical and nullifies Nephele's ability to change
shape. The chains are adamantine and enchanted with
powerful magic. They have a damage threshold of 10,
AC 23, and 50 HP. They can also be unlocked with the
silver key that Talieus carries around his neck (S23).
Epic Path: The Gifted One





Nephele is a clone from the flesh of the silver dragon
Balmytria, but she has been corrupted by the Titans.
Balmytria's soul never entered her flesh, and she never
learned to speak. When she came of age, Sydon gave her
a pair of bronze and copper dragons to mate with, and
she produced a brood of evil metallic dragons for the
Titan's kennel. Her children include Icarus and Argyn,
who were gifts from Sydon to Gaius and Acastus.
For most of her life, Nephele was free to roam the
tower. But ten years ago, she grew bold and attempted
to escape into the Forgotten Sea. Sydon prevented her,
and she killed dozens of gygans in retaliation. As punishment, Sydon slaughtered her two mates and bound
her here in chains. She nurses a powerful hatred for the
Titan and craves vengeance above all else.

If the Gifted One is present, their grandmother speaks to
them through the locket, revealing that she can help the
dragon. The spirit of the sorceress can enter the dragon,
providing the clone with a soul. The dragon will gain the
ability to speak, but her personality will be torn between
arrogance and madness. Her goal is revenge upon Sydon.
Refer to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.



When set free, Nephele will immediately polymorph
into the form of one of the heroes, except with silver
hair. She will follow the heroes, but she will not get
involved in any fighting. She behaves like a stray cat, and
she bonds to the first hero who offers her food.
Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

231

The Dragon Clone
As an adult silver dragon who has used her change shape
ability to assume a form, Nephele still retains her hit
points, legendary resistance, Intelligence, Wisdom and
Charisma. While she won’t be useful as a combatant, she
can survive significant amounts of damage. If she is present during a battle against Sydon, then she returns to her
silver dragon form and attacks the Titan relentlessly.

Talieus, Son
of Sydon

Treasure
There are three dragon eggs in this room. Two of the
dragon eggs are cold and dead, because they have been
completely neglected. However, one of the dragon eggs
is healthy, and if it is properly cared for, it will hatch a
silver dragon wyrmling in 1d6 days.

S26. The Great Arena




This huge chamber is some sort of arena, filled with
terrifying obstacles. To the left of you are huge double
doors made from iron. To the right of you, the arena is
obscured by a magical darkness. In the center is a pole
where prisoners would likely be chained.
From three large pits comes the sound of grinding
metal. Huge iron spheres roll along paths set in the
middle of the floor. When they reach the end of the
path, the spheres vanish and reappear at the start.
There are few places in the room that look safe.
Anywhere you stand, you're likely to be in mortal peril.




This large arena is used by Sydon and his children as
entertainment. Prisoners are dumped in the arena to
fight dragons for the amusement of Sydon, his children,
and his many gygan, centaur, and minotaur servants.
The prisoners also make excellent snacks for Sydon's
kennel of dragons (S27). The room has several features
that look deadly but are easily avoidable.
The Pit Traps. The three pits are each 10 feet wide
and 30 feet deep. Scything blades constantly spin at the
bottom of the pits. Creatures that fall in take 10 (3d6)
bludgeoning damage and 20 (6d6) slashing damage on
the first round. Creatures in the pit take 20 (6d6) slashing damage every round until they escape.
The Iron Balls. There are two five-foot-wide curved
paths that run from east to west, and iron balls roll along
each path. One of the balls rolls east and the other rolls
west. When the balls reach the end of their paths, they
teleport back to their starting points. Moving across the
path usually requires a DC 5 Dexterity check, but the
DC is increased to 15 for creatures with a movement
speed of 10 or less (or creatures affected by something
like a slow spell). Failure results in 36 (8d8) bludgeoning
damage from one of the rolling balls.
232

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

Sydon and Lutheria bore children together several
centuries ago, intending to create a new pantheon
of young empyreans. The Twins disagreed on few
things more than how the children should be raised.
In the end, the Lord of Storms had his way.
— Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria

Audience Chamber. An audience chamber on the
west side of the arena allows a safe view of the action.
The audience is protected by a permanent wall of force.
Most of the seats are for Large-sized creatures, but the
central throne is obviously made for a Huge-sized creature. The windows looking out on to the ocean in this
room are also permanent walls of force.
The Arena Battle
If the tower is on alert, then this room has been prepared as a trap for the heroes. Otherwise, it is empty.
Captured Prisoners. The arena has several naked
prisoners chained to the stake in the middle of the room.
These prisoners could be Ultros crewmembers or other
characters who are important to the heroes, including
people who should be back on the mainland. If none of
those characters are appropriate, then the prisoners are

naiad nymphs who have displeased Sydon. The stakes
and manacles are made of adamantine.
Springing the Trap. The door that leads to the audience chamber is locked and barred with arcane lock.
The audience chamber is covered in a darkness spell and
a curtain as well (which blocks the view for those who
can see through magical darkness). Inside the audience
chamber is Sydon’s son, Talieus, (CE young empyrean),
and a half-dozen goatlings tricksters.
Talieus waits until some of the heroes have entered
the arena, and then he drops an adamantine portcullis
and a wall of force at each of the doors in the hallway
outside the room entrance. The portcullis over the
entrance is a ruse—it's only there for decoration. The
darkness spell vanishes, the curtain falls, and the audience is revealed, laughing and joking about the doom
that awaits everyone trapped inside the arena.




Suddenly, the darkened portion of the arena lights
up. It's a seated audience of laughing goatlings and a
handsome titan reclining upon a huge throne. The titan
bellows, “Let the match begin!”
Before you can get your bearings, the doors on the
far side of the arena open and three dragons claw their
way out, roaring, to cheers of appreciation from the
audience. You face three hungry dragons—one bronze,
one silver, and one copper.


that he will make the heroes suffer for killing his pets.
He continues to make threats as he puts on the ornate
armor hanging on the wall. This takes 1d6 rounds,
giving the heroes some time to recover from the dragon
fight. When Talieus is ready, he pulls the lever that
returns the room to its original state and turns off the
wall of force that separates the arena from the viewing
room. He fights to the death.
Epic Paths: Confronting Talieus
If the Dragonslayer is present, then Talieus is aware of
their reputation and concentrates his mockery on them.
The dragons focus their attacks on the Dragonslayer.
Refer to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.

S27. The Dragon Stables




These stables are warm and pleasant. Hay and wood
chips crunch below your feet. The size of the room and
all of the food, equipment, and facilities suggest that
these stables are not for normal beasts.




The young bronze, silver and copper dragons try
to kill everyone in the arena. The bronze dragon uses
its repulsion breath to force victims into the pits. The
copper dragon uses its slowing breath on creatures to
make the iron balls more dangerous. Any creature paralyzed by the silver dragon's breath attack can be pushed
into a pit—or into the path of one of the rolling balls.
Talieus and the chorus of goatlings laugh mercilessly
during the fight, mocking the heroes whenever anything
bad happens to them.
Surviving the Arena. If the heroes manage to defeat
the dragons, Talieus flies into a rage and kills several of
the goatlings in the viewing chamber. He then proclaims



A young bronze dragon, young silver dragon, and
young copper dragon are kept here. They are hostile to
everyone except their gygan keepers and the empyreans.
The stables are empty if the heroes have already battled
the dragons in The Great Arena (S26).
The two double doors that connect to The Dragon's
Chamber (S25) are made from adamantine and are both
locked. They can be opened with a successful DC 25
Dexterity check using thieves' tools.
Smash Trap. A pressure plate between the two double
doors triggers a trap (DC 20 passive Perception to notice
the plates). The trap is a massive 10 ft. cube stone block
that drops between the doors and blocks access. Anyone
under the stone block must make a DC 15 Dexterity
saving throw or they take 35 (10d6) bludgeoning damage
(half damage on save). Anyone reduced to 0 hit points
by this damage is reduced to a bloody paste. Otherwise
they are shoved into one of the adjoining rooms.

The Throne
The Throne level of Praxys is the dwelling place of
Sydon, Lord of Storms. From this level he watches over
faraway places and even other planes of existence using
magical scrying pools, telescopes, and other instruments. The children of Sydon and Lutheria spend most
of their time on this level, learning from Sydon and
preparing to take on the mantles of godhood from the
Five. The children are named after the brothers and
sisters that Sydon and Lutheria betrayed millennia ago:

Talieus, Hergeron, Chalcia, Goloron and Yala. All of
their children are young empyreans.
The whole level is also a museum and gallery. Sydon
keeps trophies from his triumphs here—a measure
of his vainglorious love for himself—and artifacts of
great power. This self-aggrandizement continues with
the many statues of Sydon, showing him in all kinds of
flattering ways: as a warrior, a judge, a philosopher, a
father, a king, a giver of wisdom, a singer of songs, and
Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

233

a mighty hunter. Beautiful murals depict the history of
Sydon and Lutheria in the most flattering light possible.
Sydon is a boastful creature who has no qualms celebrating his own greatness.

The Throne Key
S28. Throne Room
S29. Main Hall
S30. The Vault Entrance
S31. The Vault
S32. Hall of Fallen Heroes

S28. Throne Room


S33. Room of Far Sight
S34. Hall of Travel
S35. Chamber of Sydon
S36. Elevator
S37. The Fallen Star



This lavish, massive chamber is a throne room built for
Titans. It is dominated by six majestic thrones arranged
in a semicircle. The center of the room is dominated
by a perfect representation of the continent of Thylea,
which is painted on the floor. The painting is stunningly
real—clouds drift and ocean waves ripple.




Sydon's favored daughter Chalcia (NE young empyrean) is usually here, attending to matters in her father's
absence. Sydon has spoiled her quite badly. She is easily
bored and has no interest in the heroes, even if the
tower is on high alert. She is attended by a harem of
twelve beautiful men (NE nobles) who desperately try
to entertain her. If the heroes explore this room before

Chalcia, Daughter
of Sydon

Sydon returns, then she may engage them in conversation out of idle curiosity, but she won't attack them
unprovoked unless ordered to do so by her father.
The World Map. The map on the floor is more than
just a perfect representation of the continent of Thylea.
Sydon can use it to teleport to any location on the continent, and anyone with a teleport spell can use the map in
the same manner. If you wish, this can be Sydon’s escape
route if he is losing a battle against the heroes, especially
if you want him to appear in the Battle of Mytros.
The Windows. The windows in this room are permanent walls of force which cannot be dispelled.

S29. Main Hall
This hall runs along the eastern, western, and northern
sides of the level. On the east and the west are a pair of
nooks, holding iron statues of Sydon. These two iron
golems are usually inactive, but they animate when
commanded by Sydon or one of his children. They also
activate if the alert is sounded in the tower, or when
someone exits the Elevator (S36) without using the
proper pass phrase.

S30. The Vault Entrance




This large chamber is suffused with an overwhelming
stench. A massive three-headed hound stands in the
middle of the room. His filth and excrement are everywhere. Behind the hound stands a set of heavy double
doors made from adamantine. The hound growls at
you, daring you to take even one step further.


The two sets of adamantine double doors that lead
into this room are locked. Picking the lock requires a
successful DC 25 Dexterity check with thieves’ tools.
Without tools or the knock spell, it is almost impossible
to open these indestructible doors.
This chamber is guarded by a fully-grown cerberus;
treat this area as its lair. The creature attacks anyone
who steps into the chamber—but not before taunting
them with promises of the treasures hidden within the
vault, which it takes great pride in protecting.



Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

235

S31. The Vault




The heavy doors open into a treasure gallery. There
are six pillars in the room, and each pillar supports a
shimmering glass case. The items within the cases are:
a black helmet, a huge dragon skull, an enormous ruby,
an ancient scroll, a huge bronze gauntlet, and a sword
and shield.


S33. Room of Far Sight




centuries ago and fitted for a giant-sized creature.
However, it automatically shrinks or expands to fit
anyone who attunes to it.
• Balmytria's Skull. This massive, impressive dragon
skull is missing one of its horns. It has no inherent
value, but the gods grant a wish spell to anyone who
treats the skull with proper reverence by immolating it
in a funeral pyre or by returning it to its rightful tomb.
• Ruby Gate. This is a huge, magically-imbued ruby
that works in the same fashion as a cubic gate.
• Scroll of the Pact. This scroll documents the original
pact forged between Mytros, Sydon, and Lutheria.
Libraries and scholars across Thylea would give anything in exchange for a chance to study the scroll.
• Gauntlet of Power. Sydon tried to use this item and
broke it in frustration when it didn’t work for him.
The four gems embedded in it are a sapphire, a ruby, a
diamond, and an emerald, and each is worth 5,000 gp.
• Holy Sword and Shield. This beautifully-forged pair
of items includes a holy avenger short sword and a
spell guard shield made for a human-sized warrior.

S32. Hall of Fallen Heroes


This long hall is filled with dozens of statues. Most
are depictions of human, elven, and dwarven warriors.
Others depict cyclopes, centaurs, and minotaurs. All of
them are fantastically lifelike in appearance, even down
to the horrified expressions on their faces.


Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don



This room is the sanctuary of the Furies, but their
presence is not immediately obvious. They stand utterly
still, gazing out of the western window. Heroes with a
passive Perception score of 16 or higher notice them
first. Eventually, they reveal themselves.

• Shadowy Helm. This helmet of darkness was forged





This chamber is dominated by two massive contraptions. The first is a mithral orrery, a model of the solar
system that shows the relative positions and motions
of the planets around the Sun. The second item is a
gilded bronze telescope, some 20 feet long and apparently designed for use by a giant.



The two sets of adamantine double doors that lead into
the vault are also locked. Picking the lock requires a
successful DC 25 Dexterity check with thieves' tools.
Otherwise, the knock spell must be used on each door.
Sydon’s greatest treasures are on display here,
although the only creature normally allowed inside is
the Titan himself. Each artifact rests inside a glass case
on top of a marble pillar. There are no traps, tricks, or
secrets here, because Sydon does not believe anyone
could possibly reach them. Reaching the objects is as
simple as opening each case, but you do not need to tell
your players that—let them worry a little.

236

The statues are the petrified remains of those who have
displeased Sydon, all carefully lined up in ranks. They are,
in effect, another of Sydon’s trophy galleries. A euryale
medusa guards the statues. She remains hidden and
ambushes trespassers in her lair, unless she is summoned
to the Throne Room (S28) by Chalcia.



The Furies
Alecto, Megaera, and Tisiphone (LN erinyes) are called
“the Furies,” and they are the queens of the erinyes. They
gather in this chamber to discuss how vengeance should
be exacted in accordance with the customs and laws of
Thylea. As long as the heroes have not broken an oath
or violate the rules of guest-friendship, the Furies treat

Megaera,
the Fury

them with a politeness verging on indifference. They are
not particularly interested in the heroes, but they do not
wish them any harm.
Oathbreakers. If any of the heroes is an oathbreaker,
the Furies will be enraged by their presence. Any character who has suffered the curse of the treacherous is
an affront to them, and becomes an instant target. The
Furies will attack relentlessly, ignoring everyone else
until the offender is unconscious. Unlike their daughters, the Furies do not attempt to capture oathbreakers.
They simply nail them to the tower walls and let harpies
and griffons tear them apart.
Wisdom of the Furies. The Furies have no love for
Sydon, and they have no loyalty to him. They are willing
to advise anyone who asks for help in defeating the
Titan. All they ask in return is fair payment, such as a
magical item. The item must be rare or better. If suitably
paid, the Furies will reveal several useful bits of information to the heroes:

• "Jamming the gears that move the planets will grant
those nearby valuable time."

• "The ancient red star is only minutes from death, but

time doesn’t pass in the astral sea. The star can be
lured to the mortal world to destroy the tower with
the light of its younger love."
• "Sydon has made a mockery of both dragons and gods.
Nephele should be allowed to have her vengeance."
The Telescope
The huge magical telescope allows anyone using it to see
any faraway place, even other worlds and other planes of
existence. All the viewer needs to do is think of a place
that they have already visited (or a person that they
know). The telescope will act as a scrying spell, immediately showing them that person or place.
Unlike a scrying spell, the telescope can see beyond
the Prime Material Plane, into other planes of existence.
It is used by the Furies to spy upon all of mortal kind;
the Furies have been everywhere in the multiverse, and
there are no limits to what they can see.
The Orrery
This artifact was made by Sydon and the sphinxes from
the Island of Time. It is a perfect representation of all
the worlds in the solar system with the sun at the very
center. The mechanism has a clever arrangement of
gears and pivots that moves the planets around the sun,
moves the moons around the planets, and spins all of
the planetary bodies on their axes.
The orrery shows exactly where all of the planets and
moons are in the solar system at the present moment
in time. Sydon intended to use the machine to travel
through time, but it never worked as intended. As far as
he is concerned, it's just a magnificent toy.
Stopping Time. Jamming the gears of the orrery
produces an effect similar to a time stop spell. The time
stop allows anyone within 10 ft. of the orrery to act as

normal, as if they were the caster of the time stop spell.
Once the time stop ends, the orrery breaks down and
can only be repaired with the aid of a sphinx. To jam
the orrery, a magical weapon must be used. Anything
non-magical just breaks when thrusted into the gears.
The Windows. The windows in this room are permanent walls of force which cannot be dispelled.

S34. Hall of Travel




This room is filled with soft light and calming silence.
Light spills from a pool in the floor that is filled with a
strange, silvery liquid. The liquid is perfectly still and
glitters with the reflections of countless stars. It's like
looking through a window into a cosmic vista.




The pool is a gateway that allows anyone who steps into
it to travel to the Astral Plane. Any creature who walks
into the pool will be swallowed by the liquid. Once
submerged, they will find themselves in a vast ocean of
silver lights, with the pool's surface overhead. The lights
are millions of stars. One can easily return to the tower
by “swimming” up to the pool’s surface.
The Dying Star
Floating nearby is a radiant crimson sphere, an ancient
star, a few hours—or perhaps minutes—from death. It
radiates a faint heat, like a warm breeze against the skin.
Sydon keeps this star on the Astral Plane, where time
does not pass. He suspects that allowing the star to die
will unleash a burst of primordial magic, and he seeks
to keep the star in stasis until he understands how to
harness such immense power. The star is intelligent, but
it is an utterly alien and incomprehensible lifeform.
Luring the Star. The star can be lured out of the
Astral Plane. A torch lit from the fires of the Fallen Star
(S37) will attract the star. It follows anyone who carries
such a torch out of the Astral Plane and into the tower.
Despite apparent problems with its size, the red star
passes through the pool without issue. If the party needs
a clue for this puzzle, you may choose to have one hero
experience a vision of a torch being held aloft from the
highest point of Praxys.
The Star's Death. Once on the material plane, the
star lives for 1d10 minutes before dying. As it does so,
it shrinks, grows dimmer, and explodes into blinding
light. Anyone within 10 feet of the star when it explodes
receives the benefit of the foresight spell for 8 hours,
thanks to the star's primordial magic.
If the heroes are rash enough to travel further into the
Astral Plane, they must make a DC 10 Wisdom (Surival)
check every other round or lose track of where the pool
is located. The Astral Plane is beyond the scope of this
book, but any character lost on the plane does not age
and could be rescued much later in the campaign.
Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

237

Sydon, Lord of Storms
Sydon's Journal
Sydon keeps records of his proudest achievements in a
huge, leatherbound journal that rests on a lectern in his
chamber. Some notable entries include:
Talieus. “My son Talieus is a fool and a braggart. He's
much too proud of his own accomplishments, and they
are few indeed. He is unfit for the throne.”
Hergeron. “My son Hergeron is unlike his namesake. He
is cunning and clever and good with numbers. I shall need
his sharp mind to manage my armies.”
Goloron. “My son Goloron bears a strong resemblance
to his mother. He seems to have inherited her madness. I
shall have to keep a close watch on him.”
Versi. “My daughter Versi infuriates me! She is always
disobedient, and she loves her mortal pets too much. But
I am pleased that she bears the gift of prophecy.”
Yala. “My daughter Yala is the strongest warrior among
my children. She fights at the head of my armies. Mortals
shall flee in terror before her wrathful temper.”
Chalcia. “My daughter Chalcia is blessed with all of my
greatest qualities. She is headstrong and stubborn, but I
believe that she will make a worthy successor.”

S37. The Fallen Star


S35. Chamber of Sydon





This is a massive, luxurious bedroom that has clearly
been designed for a Titan. Every surface is painted with
murals or decorated with mosaics that glorify the Lord
of Storms. The room does not appear to see much use.




Other than a few trinkets worth 1,000 gp in total, there
is little of interest here. Sydon delights in the attention
and worship of his servants. He sees little reason to
spend time on his own.

S36. Elevator
The elevator doors on this floor are locked and cannot be
opened except by magic. A single knock spell will weaken
the age-old magic that seals the doors. Three knock spells
in a row will allow the doors to be opened.
Pass Phrase. The doors will open if Sydon or one of
his children wishes to use the elevator—or if the correct
pass phrase is spoken. The phrase must be spoken in the
giant tongue. The phrase is:
“THERE IS ONE TRUE GOD,
and his name is SYDON.”
238

Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don



A massive, radiant sphere floats at the very top of the
tower, although nothing appears to hold it in place. It
shines too brightly to look at directly, and it pulses very
slowly, almost as if it were breathing.

At the very top of his tower, Sydon has imprisoned his
most valued treasure—a star that fell from the heavens
ages ago. The star is the source of the roving light at the
peak of the tower. It radiates an intense heat, and anything coming within 10 feet of it will catch fire.
Creatures that come too close take 6d6 fire damage
per round as long as they remain near. It is possible
to ignite a torch using this heat, but the person who
does so will take 1d6 damage in the process. The star’s
“flames” are silver and radiate magic.
The star is, like its companion on the Astral Plane,
utterly alien and incomprehensible. It was bound to the
tower by ancient magic. Sydon has forgottten how this
was accomplished, but he knows that a wish spell will
free it from its long imprisonment.
Freeing the Star. Freeing the star causes the tower
to shake and collapse. The process is irrevocable once
started, and the amount of time it takes is up to you as
the GM. The heroes should feel that they are in imminent danger as they try to escape, and they should
make regular saving throws as they dash or fly to safety.
However, the star will protect the party as the tower
collapses: gratitude is a universal concept. In this case,
the heroes may have to battle Sydon or Chalcia in the
collapsed ruins of his Throne Room (S28).



Confronting Sydon
Sydon is not currently in his tower. Instead, he is checking on the progress of the fleet that he has assembled to
send against the city of Mytros. He only returns when
he senses that there are intruders on this floor. Sydon
senses intruders in the following events:

Despite Sydon’s demands, he is willing to negotiate. But
in order to satisfy Sydon completely, the heroes must
swear an indefinite oath of service to him.
Rewards from the Vault. Sydon will sweeten his offer
with magical items from The Vault (S31). However, he
cannot resist some mischief-making, so he will only
offer enough magical items for half the heroes at best.
It would greatly amuse him to see the heroes fight
amongst themselves for the rewards.
Kings and Queens. Sydon will offer to make the
heroes kings and queens of Thylea. They can take
whichever cities they please, and the armies of the
Titans will ensure the sanctity of their thrones. However,
the heroes must agree to build and maintain temples to
his new pantheon at their own expense.

• The heroes kill the cerberus (S30)
• The heroes open the final door to The Vault (S31)
• The heroes release the dying star (S34)
It takes Sydon 1d6 minutes to return to the tower,
and he does so by emerging from the magical map on
the floor of the Throne Room (S28). Once he returns, he
orders his daughter, Chalcia (LE young empyrean) to
accompany him as he hunts down the intruders. When
he finds the heroes, read out the following:




Sydon turns to face you, and his voice booms out.
“You have impressed me. It requires strength,
wisdom, and courage to carve a path into my domain.
Your valor will not go unheeded.
"However, you must now make a choice. You may
join me and forge a new Oath of Peace… or you may
refuse my offer—in which case, I will destroy you.”


• The Fallen Star. Helping the fallen star escape from


The heroes have two options: forge a new oath, or fight.
Epic Path: The Gifted One
If the Gifted One is present, Sydon will recognize them as
his grandchild and size them up with some interest, but
he is disappointed that his progeny could be so small and
weak. Refer to the Running the Epic Paths section for details.

Swearing Fealty to Sydon
If the heroes listen to Sydon’s proposal, read the following:




Sydon takes a deep breath and makes his offer.
“If my daughter’s prophecy holds true, then the
Mother Goddess has chosen your small band of warriors to forge a new Oath of Peace. But I am not willing
to negotiate. You must either accept my terms or meet
me on the field of battle.
“This is what I propose: You will swear oaths of
service to me and proclaim me King of the Gods. The
Five imposter gods must return the power that they
stole from us. My children will take their place and be
revered as the new pantheon.
“In exchange for your oaths, I shall spare the city of
Mytros. You should know that I am generous to those
who prove loyal to me. You will be the new Lords of
Thylea—great kings of the mortal races."
He smirks. “Now, take a moment to think carefully
on your next words and deeds.”


Fighting Sydon
Fighting Sydon will be difficult. One of his few weaknesses is his supreme confidence that he can defeat
them alone. The party may have gained several advantages in their fight against Sydon:
the Hall of Travel (S34). If the heroes freed the star,
then they should have the benefit of the foresight spell.
• The Balmytria Clone. Freeing Nephele, the Balmytria
clone, from the Dragon's Chamber (S25) and bringing
her to the fight. The silver dragon will immediately
attack Sydon and fight to the death.
• The Furies. The heroes might be able to forge a pact
with the Furies in The Room of Far Sight (S33). Having
done that, they could lure Sydon into that chamber
and use the Orrery to gain an advantage. Sydon does
not know that the Orrery has the power of time stop,
and he will pursue heroes if they retreat here.
Sydon's Retreat. Sydon has no desire to fight to the
death at this point. His fleet is already gathering for
an attack on Mytros, and there is no reason for him to
remain here bickering with mortals.
If you want the Lord of Storms to participate in the
Battle of Mytros, then he should escape through the
magical map when he is at 100 hit points or less. In this
case, Sydon orders his daughter to prove that she is
worthy to be queen. Chalcia fights to the death.
Death of the Storm Titan
If the heroes manage to kill Sydon, read the following:




With utter amazement, Sydon realizes he is dying.
He cannot comprehend defeat. Rage overwhelms his
features as life leaves his body. At the very last second,
he screams, and his body is consumed by lightning as
a massive storm rages overhead. When the lightning
stops, the Titan’s body is gone, leaving behind the
scent of fresh rain, which blows away on the wind.





Ch apter 8 | Pr a x ys, Tower of Sy don

239

Chapter 9:

The Battle of Mytros
“This was the inevitable outcome of the
Oath of Peace. Five centuries of scheming, followed
by one battle to end all battles. Our mother gave
this land a second chance for peace, but neither
gods nor mortals seem to truly desire it.”

W

—Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

hen the heroes left Mytros on
their sea voyage, they had sixty days to
confront the Titans and complete their
quest. When this time expires, the peace
that has reigned for five hundred years will come to an
end, and the Titans will be free to make war upon all the
mortals of Thylea. Sydon has spent centuries preparing
his army for this occasion, and Lutheria gleefully anticipates harvesting the souls of the countless mortals who
will die in the ensuing battle.

On the 50th day of the voyage, Kyrah warns the party
that they have only ten days remaining until the Oath of
Peace comes to an end. She grows distant and agitated—
concerned for the future. She strongly suggests that
the party make haste to confront Sydon and Lutheria,
or else make plans to return to Mytros. The city needs
strong defenses against the coming storm, and she has
no faith in King Acastus.

The End of the Oath
When the Oath of Peace ends, a wave of change spreads
across the lands of Thylea.


The Final Days
Kyrah frequently reminds the party of the time they have
remaining before the Oath of Peace ends. She serves as a
grim harbinger of doom, counting down the number of
days until the Titans unleash hell.


240

Ch apter 9 | The Battle of My tros



As the sun dawns on the sixtieth day of your voyage,
you realize that something has changed. A strange wind
blows from the southeast, driving black storm clouds
across the heavens, and the sky itself darkens to a
menacing red. You feel deep within your bones that the
Oath of Peace has come to an end. Now, it seems, the
lands and seas and sky of Thylea are filled with anger.
Kyrah and Pythor call you to the deck of the Ultros.
They stand at the prow, gazing off towards the horizon, and their eyes shine like burnished gold.
“The Oath has ended, and we are no longer gods.”


The Dragons Revealed


The End of the Oath


The two gods begin to change, slowly at first. Their
skin changes, transforming into metallic scales, and
great wings unfurl from their backs. Their faces transform into something draconic, as sharp teeth protrude
from their mouths. They grow in size, becoming huge.
The deck of the ship can no longer quite accommodate
the bulk of their massive forms.
Kyrah looms up as Pythor takes flight. Both are now
bronze dragons, terrifying, magnificent and dangerous
creatures. Somehow, you understand that they have
always been dragons, but they were held in the guise of
immortals for 500 years by the power of the Oath.


One of the conditions of the Oath of Peace was that the
Five Gods would eventually surrender their power. Now,
that time has come, and they are no longer gods.
Kyrah, Pythor, Volkan, and Vallus are still capable
of polymorphing into their mortal guises, but they no
longer possess the divine powers that were stolen from
the Titans. Mytros herself has gone completely silent,
although priestly magic continues to work.
The Forgotten Dragons



Kyrah explains that long ago, she and her family were
the dragon mounts of the Dragonlords. During the First
War, her mother, Balmytria, tricked the Titans into
surrendering much of their divine power. Consequently,
Balmytria and her brood were transformed into the Five
Gods. The full story is revealed in the Game of the Gods
section of the Secrets and Myths appendix.
Balmytria became known as Mytros, and she
ascended to the outer planes as a true goddess. Kyrah,
Pythor, Volkan, and Vallus remained behind to finish the
First War. The armies of the Titans were destroyed, and
the Dragonlords were killed. In the end, the new gods
and the ancient Titans swore to the Oath of Peace.

From now on, Kyrah, Pythor, Volkan, and Vallus use the
statistics of young bronze dragons, rather than their
previous “immortal” statistics. Their personalities are the
same, but they are no longer gods. Despite the fact that
they use the statistics of young dragons, they are the size
of adults, and they retain the ability to polymorph into
their mortal guises.

The New Dragonlords
The heroes are now given an opportunity to bond with
the four dragons. Each hero has an opportunity to
choose which dragon they would prefer to bond with
and, if the dragon agrees, the hero should follow the
convention and tradition of Thylea by swearing the Oath
of the Dragonlord which can be found in the Dragonlords
appendix. This requires each hero to sacrifice a magic
item and speak the words of the oath aloud.

Return to Mytros
Once the heroes have bonded with the four metallic
dragons, they may take flight and return to Mytros.
When the party arrives, they discover a cataclysm:
Mytros is consumed by chaos, and King Acastus has
only worsened the many dangers that threaten the city.


epic conflicts should occur. The conflicts should be run
in sequential order as presented below.
Table of Epic Conflicts



The city of Mytros looms on the horizon, shadowed
beneath storm clouds. Rays of golden sunlight stream
down from the sky, illuminating a cityscape of smoke,
fire, shattered temples, and screaming mobs of citizens. The city is besieged.
The great powers of Thylea have finally gathered
their strength—to end the Age of Mortals.


Epic Conflict…

Happens if…

1. The King’s Dragon

The king’s silver dragon, Icarus,
still lives.

2. The False Dragonlord King Acastus still lives.



The Battle of Mytros
The Battle of Mytros unfolds as a series of epic conflicts,
each of which may be triggered if certain conditions
have been satisfied. Before you start this part of the
adventure, check the table below to determine which

3. The Armies of Sydon

Sydon still lives, and the heroes
have not sworn an oath of
service to him.

4. The Great Feast

Lutheria still lives, and the
heroes have not sworn an oath
of service to her.

5. Kentimane Awakens

Either Sydon or Lutheria has
been killed.

There is no pause between each of these epic conflicts. Events are now spinning out of anyone’s control.
The heroes will not have a chance to short rest between
encounters. At most, they have a few minutes to use
Ch apter 9 | The Battle of My tros

241

healing potions and spells before the next major threat
begins to unfold. This sequence of events should completely exhaust the heroes, and it should require them to
expend just about every resource that they’ve accumulated so far in the adventure.
Fighting Alongside Dragons
The players should be given control of their bonded dragons. To keep battles moving quickly, have each dragon
act on the same initiative as the hero riding it. Sydon,
Lutheria, and Kentimane should target the dragons
first. This is a climactic battle that heralds a new age for
Thylea—you should allow for the possibility that one or
more of the dragons may be killed during these events.

occur with increasing severity. Kentimane’s approach
should be terrifying, as his footsteps shake the world.
Rescuing Citizens
Kyrah, Pythor, Volkan, and Vallus are torn between
loyalty to the heroes and their desire to protect the city
and its people. Each time the players undertake one of
the conflicts, two of the dragons will ask to go to the aid
of the people of the city.
If the dragons go rescue citizens, the heroes will
not have their services in the next conflict. However,
in exchange for this show of mercy and bravery, the
goddess Mytros will grant blessings to the heroes that
last for the duration of this part of the adventure. Any
dragons that have been sent away will return before the
next conflict begins.
Table of Heroic Blessings

Epic Conflict Foreshadowing
Epic Conflict

Signs of the Conflict

1. The King’s Dragon

Gargantuan silver dragon
attacking the harbor.

2. The Mad King

Young copper dragons flying
circles around the colosseum.

3. The Armies of Sydon

Centaurs, gygans, and cyclopes slaughtering and burning
everything.

4. The Great Feast

Hundreds of citizens are transformed into goats, cows, and pigs.

5. Kentimane Awakens

Brief earthquakes shake the city
once per minute.

Epic Conflict

Citizens
Rescued

Blessing
from Mytros

1. The King’s Dragon

1,000

Blessing of
Magic Resistance

2. The Mad King

1,000

Blessing of Protection

3. The Armies of Sydon

1,000

Blessing of Valhalla

4. The Great Feast

1,000

Blessing of Health

5. Kentimane Awakens

5,000

n/a

Splitting the Party
Depending on your heroes’ abilities, and your own
comfort in running two separate events at the same
time, you may allow your players to split the party and
tackle two conflicts at once. For example, half the party
might take two dragons to confront Acastus (in The
False Dragonlord) while the other half of the party takes
two dragons to confront Sydon (in The Armies of Sydon).
Splitting the party like this counts as rescuing citizens in
both conflicts; therefore the party should be rewarded
with both of the associated blessings from Mytros.

Signs of Conflict
Once the heroes reach Mytros, they witness signs of
multiple active conflicts and events. Use the following
signs and events to create a sense of constant pressure
throughout this series of encounters.
For example, if Kentimane is coming, then you should
tease the arrival of the Titan by having earthquakes

The King’s Dragon




Towering over the city harbor is a gargantuan silver
dragon. His roar thunders across the ocean, shaking
your very bones and sending a chill down your spine.
The dragon crushes several buildings beneath his
massive claws and snaps his jaws at a crowd of fleeing
citizens. Many are crushed by his fearsome jaws.
Kyrah grits her teeth. “It is the king’s dragon, Icarus.
He has gone mad with power.”


242

Ch apter 9 | The Battle of My tros



As the heroes arrive in Mytros, the harbor is already
under attack by an ancient silver dragon. Kyrah will
recognize him as Icarus, the king’s own dragon. Acastus
has apparently fed him all the remaining doses of his
potion of aging, presumably in the hope of protecting the
city from the wrath of the Titans. Rather than protecting
the city, the dragon has been driven mad by the cumulative effects of the potion—and his newfound power.
Icarus will destroy the city unless he can be stopped.
The heroes will stand a much better chance of surviving this encounter if they battle the gargantuan dragon
while mounted on the backs of the four metallic dragons
that they have recently bonded.

Powerful but Clumsy. Icarus is not used to his size or
his power, so he will stumble and misjudge his abilities
during the fight. Every other round, he suffers from
disadvantage, because his mind has not fully adjusted
to his new size. If he wishes to use one of his abilities or
powers, roll d20: on 11 or higher, he may do so to full
effect, otherwise it has half its normal effect either in
terms of damage inflicted, duration, and/or range.
Collateral Damage. You might choose to measure the heroes’ success against Icarus in terms of the
amount of collateral damage that they prevent. Icarus
has the mind of a very young dragon, and he gives no

thought to the citizens crushed beneath his claws or
frozen by his breath attacks during the battle. He will
not deliberately target bystanders, but he gives no
thought to them when making attacks.
During any combat round that the heroes do not
attack Icarus, he will kill d10x10 (roll a d10 and multiply by 10) citizens with his trashing about and clumsy
attempts to wreck the city. During any round that he is
engaged in combat, he will only kill 1d10 citizens. The
heroes cannot save everyone, but you can ramp up the
pressure on the party to save as many as possible.

The Mad King
King Acastus, stricken by guilt and unable to bear
watching his beloved city being destroyed, has
retreated to the colosseum. There, he has been joined
by his seven Dragonlord captains, including Tarchon.
The captains are circling overhead, mounted on young
copper dragons. The king is pacing nervously at the
center of the colosseum, next to his adult copper
dragon mount.
The heroes can easily see the dragons circling above
the colosseum from anywhere in the city. Volkan will
mention that the rod of rulership in the king’s possession could be a powerful weapon against the Titans.
He doesn’t understand why the rod hasn’t been used:
Acastus knows how the rod works, but for some reason,
the king hasn’t used it to defend the city.
When the heroes arrive at the colosseum, Acastus
stops pacing and greets them coldly.




“So you have returned from your long journey. And
what have you to show for it? Dragons? More dragons.
We have dragons enough in Mytros. Stupid, stupid
beasts!” He kicks his mount viciously. “My ancestors
were fools to fight against the power of the Titans. We
should… we must… we have no choice but to bow to
them! Perhaps then they will spare… some of us.”
The king watches you with a mad gleam in his eyes.
“They will demand sacrifices. That is only fair. Fair
recompense for the damage that you’ve done to them.
But many such sacrifices must be made in the pursuit
of greatness. Yes, I think they will spare me—and my
city—if we offer them your heads.”


city. With his last strength, he will hand his rod of rulership to the closest hero and reveal that it is the key to
controlling the Colossus of Pythor.
Treasure
King Acastus carries the rod of rulership. This rod allows
its wielder to take command of the Colossus of Pythor,
which stands guard over the city harbor. Acastus wields
a nine lives stealer and a +1 breastplate.

The Colossus Awakened
Once the heroes have the rod of rulership, they should
fly to the head of the Colossus of Pythor. Here, they can
take control of the gargantuan construct and use it in
the upcoming battles against the Titans. Only one of the
heroes can take control of the colossus, and that hero
is too distracted to control a dragon mount at the same
time. This may sound obvious, but one of your players
will absolutely try to do it! Give the elected player the
statistic block for the colossus. They control the construct in the final battles.




Acastus and his “Dragonlords” will attack the heroes and
fight to the death. Count the number of rounds in this
battle. The Titans have this number of rounds to wreak
havoc in the city while the heroes are preoccupied.
Sanity Restored. When Acastus is reduced to 0 hit
points, his selfishness is overcome by his love for his



You inspect the control sphere at the center of the
colossus’s head. There is a slot that seems made for
the rod of rulership. As you insert the rod into the
sphere, you feel the platform beneath you thrum with
power. The gargantuan construct creaks and groans as
it shudders and comes to life. Somewhere deep inside,
you can feel the pulse of mighty pumps and the clatter
of gigantic gears clashing together.
The colossus takes one hesitant step from its
platform, straightens itself, and then flexes its magical
muscles. The citizens of besieged Mytros erupt into
joyous cheers. “The colossus has awakened! The god of
battle has come to save the city!”




Ch apter 9 | The Battle of My tros

243

The Armies of Sydon




Gazing toward the harbor, you watch as giant ships
plow through trading vessels, leaving nothing but
splintered ruins in their wakes. Cyclopes and gygans
leap from the vessels and run rampant across the city,
tearing down houses as if they were children’s toys.
Centaurs gallop through the streets, launching volleys
of pitch-soaked flaming arrows. Ash and smoke choke
the air, and you can see fires burning across the city.




Sydon and two of his children (most likely Yala and
Hergeron) have landed in the city harbor with ships full
of gygans, cyclopes, and centaurs. Their plan is simple:
they intend to reduce the city to a ruin, and any survivors left among the rubble will be forced to kneel and
worship the Lord of Storms. The Titan can be found
at the Royal Gate (M6), accompanied by two of his
children (NE young empyreans). Joining the Titans as
honor guards are a centaur hero, a minotaur hero, and
a gygan hero, all three of which are fitted with brilliant
mithral plate armor (AC 18).


Fighting Alongside Lutheria



The armies of Sydon have torn a path through the city
that leads to the Royal Gate. The walls of the palace
compound are almost entirely ruined, having suffered
repeated blows from the hammers wielded by Sydon’s
terrifying children. The Lord of Storms himself looms
over the walls, loudly praising his children’s work.
As you approach, Sydon’s keen eye catches sight
of you. “Aha! The Heroes of the Prophecy. You have
shown impressive valor for mortals, but the time has
come to face the truth. You are outmatched!
“Look around you: the city of Mytros cannot withstand the power of the Titans. Kneel before me, and
I shall endeavor to find a place for you as servants in
my new kingdom. Otherwise, I can only promise you a
warrior’s death.”


If the heroes choose to bow before the Titan, Sydon will
make a series of humiliating demands: cast down your
weapons, shrug off your armor, kiss the ground, offer
praises to his name. He does not intend to spare the
heroes—he just wants to see them humbled before he

executes them. He expects the same groveling obedience
and worship from the dragons.
Siezing the Initiative. If the heroes play along with
Sydon and declare to you that they are doing so, then
they automatically have advantage on the first round of
attacks they make. Sydon is a vain creature who believes
that his magnificence inspires obedience in mortals. It
takes him a moment to gather his wits—how could the
heroes, who are so obviously defeated, dare to choose
defiance instead of cringing obedience?
Sydon's Tactics. Sydon and his entire entourage fight
to the death. No dirty trick or underhanded tactic is
beneath them. Sydon concentrates his attacks on the
dragons first, but he always switches his focus to the
creature that damaged him most recently. He takes
every attack personally, growing angrier each round.
Lesser creatures should fall to the ground and worship
him—to attack him is an unforgivable outrage!



If Lutheria has allied with the heroes for any reason,
Sydon declares that she’s betrayed him one too many
times. He becomes enraged and focuses all of his attacks
on her, while his entourage attacks the heroes. Lutheria
retreats after three rounds, before the battle is resolved,
but this weakens Sydon and temporarily separates him
from his allies.

Sydon's Victory. If Sydon wins this battle, then the
adventure ends at this point. The heroes will forever
be remembered in fables as the doltish mortals who
challenged a Titan and were punished accordingly. The
party's failure is absolute. If you would like to give the
party a second try, then it must come at a terrible cost—
they may be revived by Mytros or the Fates, but none of
the dragons should survive the ensuing battle.
Sydon's Defeat. If Sydon is defeated, a shockwave of
power bursts from him. The sky darkens, and a powerful
storm rages overhead. Tremendous winds tear through
the streets of Mytros, and rain lashes down, soaking
everything. The rain extinguishes all of the fires in the
city, and it lasts for 1d6 weeks.
Treasure. Sydon carries the Glaive of Sydon. Each of
his children carries a mithral greatsword.

The Glaive of Sydon
244

Ch apter 9 | The Battle of My tros

The Great Feast




Lutheria glides through the streets of Mytros, leaving
chaos and debauchery in her wake. She cackles as she
transforms citizens into goats, cows, and pigs.
Those around her seem to go mad—falling into
fits of hysterical laughter or engaging in unspeakable
acts with whatever livestock happens to be nearby.
Eventually, the Titan discovers you. Gazing down at
you from her full height, she grins malevolently.
“Have you come to join the Great Feast? I promise
you’ll not go hungry.” She offers you a spit-roasted
pig and smiles broadly. “Go on—eat, drink, be merry!
What could you possibly stand to lose?”




Lutheria has reduced about half of the surviving
population of Mytros to a bestial state. They are either
transformed into farm livestock, mindlessly engaging in
profane revelry, or both. She shows no sign of stopping

her nightmarish progress through the city.
If the heroes fail to stop Lutheria, then the people of
Mytros will begin the “Great Feast.” They roast each
other alive and devour their own families. Lutheria
giggles and explains this to the heroes—it's the greatest
practical joke in the history of Thylea! She repeatedly
licks the spit-roasted pig and offers it to the heroes,
struggling to contain her laughter.
Eventually, Lutheria tires of telling her jokes. As long
as the heroes engage her in worthwhile conversation,
she holds her temper in check. Once she grows bored,
her mood turns icy cold, and she attacks. She is immediately joined by an aurae nymph and an erinyes.
Lutheria and her servants fight to the death.
Treasure. Lutheria carries the Scythe of Lutheria. Her
pockets are full of exotic seasonings, which she has used
liberally on the citizens who have been transformed into
livestock. One of the spice vials contains salt that has
been dried from her tears of laughter.

Kentimane Awakens
If either Sydon or Lutheria has been killed, then
Kentimane of the Hundred Hands awakens to wreak
vengeance upon the city. This battle should be incredibly difficult and may result in deaths among the heroes.
If you want to be generous, you can let your heroes
have a short rest before this battle begins to allow a
limited time for recovery. The heroes will need to utilize
the full power of both the dragons and the colossus,
if possible. Kentimane specifically targets the heroes,
which means that the heroes may choose to lure him
away from the city and fight him at sea.
Sacrifice of the Five Gods. If it seems like the city
might be completely destroyed, then Vallus or Kyrah will
sacrifice themselves to drive the titan back. If it seems
like one of the heroes might be killed, then Volkan or
Pythor will intervene at the last moment and intercept
the killing blow, dying in the process.

my strength
Long have I desired to test
One! The Titan of
against the Hundred Handed
Mother Goddess,
Destruction lives to protect the
world if he so
but he could probably end the
even the slightest
desired. We must not show him
hint of weakness.

— Pythor, God of Battle





In the aftermath of the battle, the city falls into an
unnatural silence. It seems for a moment that the
danger has passed. But then, the earth starts shaking.
The effect is subtle at first: pebbles clattering on the
pavement. The tremors continue every few seconds
and slowly build into bone-rattling earthquakes—the
echoes of gigantic footsteps. Suddenly, four tremendous arms emerge from behind Mount Volkan and
grasp the summit, dragging behind them a gargantuan
form. It's Kentimane, the Hundred Handed Titan!
Kentimane roars and assaults the city with brute
force. The ancient titan is over 100 feet tall and every
bit as terrifying as described in legends. Massive arms
erupt from the ground, opening a path of death and
destruction. Dozens of arms and small heads protrude
from his body, hideous echoes of primordial chaos. He
lumbers forward—directly toward you.




Whatever happens, the result of this encounter should
have an element of tragedy. Use the table below to
describe the collateral damage suffered during each
round of the battle. The dragons will be deeply dismayed
by the damage inflicted by Kentimane, and once the
death toll reaches into the thousands, they may even
become too distracted to fight.

Ch apter 9 | The Battle of My tros

245

Kentimane's Collateral Damage
Rounds
Active

Collateral
Damage

Cumulative
Death Toll

1

Vineyards of Mytros destroyed

200

2

The Great Agora destroyed

400

3

The Noble Estates destroyed

800

4

Temple of Sydon destroyed

1,000

5

The King’s Palace destroyed

2,000

6

The Academy destroyed

4,000

7

Temple of the Five destroyed

6,000

8

The Great Gardens destroyed

8,000

9

Stygian Row destroyed

10,000

10

The city is in total ruin

12,000

Kentimane fights to the bitter end. He will not rest
until all the heroes are dead, and he will continue to
fight regardless of the damage that he suffers. If the
party manages to defeat him, then you may choose
to have him melt back into the earth, where he can
regenerate and reappear after 1,000 years have passed.
Alternatively, you may choose to have him disintegrate
into cosmic dust, never to rise again.
Treasure. Buried within Kentimane's body is a large
orb of star metal from a meteorite that fell to the earth
at the dawn of time. This star metal has unique properties. If Volkan still lives, then he can use this orb to craft
almost any legendary magic weapon or armor at the
Mithral Forge. The crafting process takes 1 year.

CONCLUSION

You can use the accumulated dead from collateral
damage to determine how the people of Mytros react
to the battle in the following months. High numbers of
casualties result in a long period of mourning, whereas
low numbers of casualties result in great festivities. If
the party sent the dragons to rescue citizens, then just
subtract the number of rescued citizens from the final
cumulative death toll. Mortals who have been transformed into beasts revert back after 8 hours.

The Fates are cruel. With the end of the Oath, death
and bloodshed were inevitable. But with such heroes
leading us, we can build a brighter future.
—Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine

246

Ch apter 9 | The Battle of My tros

High Casualties (8,000 or more). The survivors are
grateful to be alive, but they cannot possibly celebrate
the heroes as saviors of the city—what exactly did they
save? They may have even contributed to the destruction. The city spends months memorializing the dead
and years rebuilding. Good-aligned characters should
feel remorseful for not saving more lives.
Medium Casualties (2,000 to 8,000). The city spends
several months in mourning, punctuated by great
feasts. Many of the feasts are in the heroes honor. Major
characters who died in the battle are memorialized with
grand eulogies and funeral games. Everyone looks to the
heroes for leadership—what comes next for Thylea?
Low Casualties (2,000 or less). The heroes are
catapulted to impossible levels of fame. They are living
legends, worthy to be anointed as kings and queens—
perhaps they should even be revered as gods!

Kings and Queens
With the fall of Acastus, the city of Mytros has lost its
king. The Titans have fallen, and the gods are no longer
gods. It's time for a new order to reign in Thylea.
The heroes should now be at an exceptional level of
fame, with shrines or temples across the land venerating
their names. The time has come for the heroes to ascend
to their rightful place as the new rulers of Thylea.

Chapter 10:

The New Pantheon
“The Aresians have made fools of us for
centuries. They hide behind their walls, laughing at
our spineless lack of resolve. We have the power to
crush them. They took what is rightfully mine, and I
will have it back... I will have it back.”

been dormant in the time since the battle. Consequently,
the citizens of Mytros have had time to regroup, and life
in Thylea is just now returning to normal.
At this point, the heroes are perhaps the most influential mortals in all of Thylea. Their time has been
occupied with a number of important activities.

— Ekoh, Ancient Oread

Building Settlements
The devastation wrought by the Titans has left large sections of Mytros in ruins, and many people were without
homes. The heroes inspired many of the refugees to set
out into the world and build new homes. These refugees
founded new settlements, and each new settlement
chose one of the heroes as its patron.
Each new settlement is named after its patron hero.
For example, a hero named Tiberius might inspire the
settlement of “Tiberia.” Temples and shrines have been
built in the hero's honor, and festivals are held to celebrate when the hero visits. This is a great opportunity to
make maximum use of the Table of Fame Rewards.
These new settlements can be located anywhere on
the world map of Thylea, but there are a number of
places that make the most geographical sense. Refer to
the revised world map in the Apokalypsis chapter, which
includes markers for seven new settlements.

T

his chapter marks the beginning of a
new phase in the story. With the Titans
defeated and the gods transformed, Thylea
suffers from a power vacuum. Many divine
portfolios—battle, music, wisdom, and more—must be
filled by new gods, or else chaos will rule. The souls of
the dead are adrift, and the storms and seas of Thylea
no longer heed a master. Who will don these mantles of
power and ascend to become the new pantheon?

Break Between Adventures
The next part of the adventure works best if there has
been a break in the story after the Battle of Mytros. This
break can last several months or even several years.
During this time, the heroes have lived through an
extended recovery period in the wake of their quest.
Even if one or more of the Titans survived, they have

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

247

Aftermath of the Epic Conflicts
You might choose to run several roleplaying sessions
where players work through the aftermath of the Battle
of Mytros and the founding of the new settlements.
Alternatively, you can ask each player to write you a
letter describing what their character has been doing
during the break.

These heroes are now co-rulers of some of the most
prominent cities in all of Thylea.
New Cities. Additionally, if they have the necessary
funds, each hero may choose to dedicate 25,000 gp to
the settlement that they patronize. In this case, the settlement has already grown into a bustling city, and the
hero is the king or queen of that city.

Running the Adventure
The New Dragonlords
The heroes are the leaders of a new organization of
Dragonlords. As the leaders of such a prestigious order,
they are entrusted as the new “peacekeepers of Thylea.”
They are expected to mediate when kingdoms threaten
to go to war and strike against those who would do
harm to the people of Thylea. In addition, they must
create a legacy for the Order of Dragonlords that will
stand the test of time. They must search for worthy new
candidates to join the order and track down rare dragon
eggs that can be raised as mounts for new recruits.
Kings and Queens of Thylea
One of the heroes may have married Queen Vallus to
become the new king or queen of Mytros. Another may
have become the consort to Queen Anora of Estoria.

In this next phase of the adventure, the heroes must
rescue Narsus, the lost god of beauty, from the city of
Aresia—and prevent the legendary Divine Artifacts from
falling into the wrong hands.
The City of Aresia. The party may siege the city with
an army, or they can choose to infiltrate it. Either way,
this is an opportunity for the heroes to demonstrate
leadership qualities and prove that they are worthy of
the mantle of Dragonlords. The city also provides the
party with a chance to explore and roleplay.
Tomb of Karpathos. The party must recover one
of the Divine Artifacts, the Caduceus, from this tomb.
Karpathos is an ancient vampire lord from Aresia.
Prison Fort of Zakroth. The party must recover one
of the Divine Artifacts, the Ambrosia, from this fortress.
Zakroth is a mad warlord who seeks to become a god.

Rescuing the Captive God
The heroes receive a plea to help Narsus, the lost god
of beauty. Narsus is the lost brother of Kyrah, Pythor,
and Vallus. They rarely speak of him, because he is
self-absorbed and selfish—obsessed with the incomparable beauty that he attained when he was transformed
from a dragon into a god. Narsus refused to aid the settlers during the First War, and his family consequently
disowned him.
After the end of the First War, Narsus staged a competition to choose a woman worthy of being his wife. His
suitors were to bring him the silver antlers of an elusive
white stag. Many of the most powerful and influential
women in the world participated in the contest, but the
victor was an oread huntress named Ekoh. Tragically,
she was never able to claim her prize. Queen Calliope
of Aresia became obsessed with Narsus—she took him
captive and fled back to her city.
Narsus has been held in Aresia for 500 years, and
the city of Mytros has launched many campaigns to
recover the god of beauty without success. The two
cities now have a long history of grievances which have
eclipsed the original conflict. But with the return of the
Dragonlords, Ekoh wishes to siege Aresia and take back
her husband once and for all.

Ekoh's Call to Arms
Ekoh meets with the heroes in Mytros and pleads her
case. Knowing that the heroes are unlikely to start a
war between Thylea’s two greatest cities over such an
ancient dispute, Ekoh tempts them with a more powerful incentive: her lost love has learned the path that
mortals must walk to become gods.
With the end of the Oath of Peace, Narsus returned
to his dragon form. In the time that has passed, he has
researched a means to reclaim the beautiful form that
was lost to him. He now seeks to share these secrets
with any mortals who come to his aid—anyone who rescues him from the clutches of the Aresian queen. Narsus
proposes to create a new pantheon, with the heroes as
his fellow gods and goddesses.

Ah, Narsus, You were never much good in a fight,
even as a dragon. I am not certain whether it was
a cruelty or a kindness when fate awarded you the
divine power of Beauty, but one thing's for certain:
it went to your head and made you insufferable.
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music

248

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

MEETING WITH EKOH

reminds them that Aresia is effectively a rogue kingdom
that should be unified with Mytros by the authority of
the Dragonlords. There are a sizable number of soldiers
in the city who would gladly join a new campaign to
settle the age-old rivalry between the two cities.

The adventure begins when the heroes are brought
together to hear the petition of a famous nymph named
Ekoh. She claims to know the secrets of divinity and
wishes to share the knowledge with the heroes. Each of
the heroes receives the following letter:


The Truth about Narsus


Greetings [Name]—
I have an urgent matter that demands the attention of
the Dragonlords. I humbly request your presence at the
Theater of the Gods in Mytros. I swear upon my honor
that you will find this matter greatly to your interest as
Thylea's new peacekeepers.
—Ekoh


After listening to Ekoh’s proposal, the party will have
much to discuss. If possible, they should consult with
one of the Five Gods. Otherwise, they can consult with
the Oracle—or Aesop from the Dragon Shrine (E7).
Whoever they consult, read the following:




The Theater of the Gods
Ekoh (CN oread) meets the heroes in the Theater of the
Gods in Mytros (M3). Ekoh has a curious verbal tic that
causes her to repeat the last phrase of every sentence.




You find a beautiful woman waiting to meet with you
in the empty theater. “Thank you for answering my
summons. I am called Ekoh.”
From her appearance, it's clear that she is an
oread—a mountain nymph. Her skin is like polished
obsidian, while her hair is like freshly-fallen snow. She
stands tall and proud, with sharply defined features
that give her a striking and commanding presence.
“Five hundred years ago, my betrothed—Narsus,
the God of Beauty—was stolen away from me by the
queen of Aresia. For half a millennium, her descendants
have kept Narsus imprisoned in the dungeons of their
foul city. Many wars have been fought to free him—but
the Aresian campaigns have amounted to nothing.”
“Recently, my beloved Narsus learned of a secret
ritual that transforms mortals into gods. He now seeks
to build a new pantheon. Join with me to rescue him,
and he will share the secrets with you. Moreover, we
cannot let this knowledge fall into the hands of the
Aresians—think of the consequences!”


Ekoh is vague on the details, she is absolutely confident
that Narsus has the ability to elevate the heroes to true
godhood. The 'divine path' is a well-studied concept at
the Academy in Mytros, but it's mostly a collection of
myths and legends. If such a ritual actually exists, then
who better but a god to discover it?
Ekoh presses the heroes to gather the armies of
Mytros and Estoria to lay siege to Aresia so they can
force Queen Helen to hand over her betrothed. She



“What Ekoh says is true: Narsus is the God of Beauty,
and he is a lost sibling of the Five. But there is much
that she did not tell you.
“Narsus was self-absorbed, selfish, and obsessed with
the beauty that he attained when he was transformed
from a dragon into a god. In his vanity, he lost his way.
He refused to aid the mortals during the First War. For
this betrayal, the other gods disowned him. And when
he was taken by Aresia, it was deemed justice.
“But if Narsus has truly learned the secrets of godhood, then we must take action. That much power is
dangerous in the hands of a rival kingdom. You must
rescue Narsus. You can attempt to infiltrate the city of
Aresia on your own, or you can summon the strength
of the armies of Mytros to aid you.”




Versi—or whoever advises the party—admits that
Narsus is not clever enough to lie about knowing the
secrets of godhood. And despite his vanity, he would
almost certainly share his knowledge with whoever rescues him from captivity. Moreover, it is the duty of the
Dragonlords to recover such knowledge.
Queen Helen has no formal diplomatic relationship
with Mytros, and she does not recognize the authority of
the Dragonlords. The only way to treat with her directly
would be through a show of force. Some advisors may
believe that this is a chance to settle the age old rivalry
between the cities of Aresia and Mytros—and to cement
the Dragonlords as the new sovereigns of Thylea.


RESCUING NARSUS

The heroes can come up with their own plan for rescuing Narsus, but the party's advisor suggests the following possibilities:
1. The heroes may break into the city of Aresia by
stealth and rescue Narsus. Refer to Infiltrating Aresia
for details on how this might play out.
2. The only sure way to treat with Queen Helen will be
through a show of force—the city must be sieged.
Refer to Sieging the City for details.
Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

249

The walls of Aresia have never been breached in all the
campaigns we've waged against them. The magic of the
Palladium is powerful indeed. But I wonder whether
some weakness does not eat away at the heart of such a

The Siege


city after so long a respite.
— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

If the heroes want to negotiate with Queen Helen for
the release of Narsus, then both Ekoh and any other
advisors will suggest that it is a waste of time without
the added pressure of a siege.
These are only two possible ways for the heroes to
reach Narsus. Whatever plan they end up using, it
should end with them reaching the Chamber of Beauty
(A6). At that point, refer to the Audience with Narsus.

INFILTRATING ARESIA

Infiltrating the city of Aresia should be easy for the
heroes. Once they do so, they might spend some time
exploring the city and asking around to determine
where Narsus is being held. Refer to the City of Aresia
for ideas. Here are some suggestions:

• The party is approached by the Shadowmaster from

the Temple of the Shadow (A8), who wishes to depose
Queen Helen. Refer to her subsection for details.
• The party is approached by the most famous portraitist in Aresia, Pelegon (A20), who wishes to paint a
portrait of Narsus. He can lead the party to Narsus,
but he demands to accompany them.



In order to gather an army, the heroes can use any direct
political power that they might have, especially if they
are kings and queens. As Dragonlords, the heroes can
call upon volunteers to join their cause. They might call
in favors or promise great wealth. The age-old rivalry
between Mytros and Aresia means that volunteers are
plentiful. Feel free to roleplay this process—or simply
ask your players to describe how they want to contribute
in gathering the army.
Preparing the Ships. Once the army is gathered, the
party can launch up to one thousand ships from Mytros
to lay siege to Aresia. Each ship costs 200 gp to outfit
and carries 200 soldiers. The party will need at least
10,000 soldiers to siege the city (a minimum of 50 ships,
which costs 10,000 gp). The costs can be defrayed by
increasing taxes in the city of Mytros, but this will cost
the entire party 1 point of Fame.

250

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon



The armies of the heroes are arrayed outside of Aresia's
western gate. Aresia is protected from sieges by the
power of an artifact called the Palladium, which makes
a direct assault extremely dangerous. Every attempt
to siege the city during the Aresian campaigns failed
because of this artifact—not to mention the city's
ancient protector: a bronze colossus.

The Colossus




The ground suddenly begins to shake at regular intervals, accompanied by the sound of massive footfalls.
Flocks of birds flee in panic from the nearby forest as a
gargantuan bronze warrior emerges from the canopy,
looming over your war camp.
“Ho there! Come to hassle my little city, have you?
Not on my watch! I am called Talos, and I am the
guardian of this place. What is your business here?”

SIEGING THE CITY
Gathering the Armies



With thousands of soldiers under your command, you
march on Aresia. In the face of your overwhelming
numbers, the citizens of Aresia and its surrounding
region flee en masse as your army approaches, seeking
shelter behind the city’s famous 100-foot-high walls.
Dispersing your troops through the woodlands that
encircle the city, your set up massive blockades at
every road and gate leading into it. You station soldiers
and siege engines on the banks of the river to sink any
ship that tries to run the blockade.
With every entrance and exit sealed off by your
army, no one can get in or out. The city's walls bristle
with soldiers. The Siege of Aresia has begun.





Talos is a sentient bronze colossus (Intelligence 12) who
has long protected Aresia. His origins are unknown,
but he has patrolled the forests of the Aresian peninsula
for thousands of years. He protects the city because it
pleases him to do so—he is a gentle giant.
Talos politely asks the party to withdraw their army and
return to Mytros. He hates squishing mortals beneath
his boots, and he'd rather not fight unless forced to. He
strongly encourages the party to find a diplomatic solution.
If the party agrees to try, then Talos happily sits down next
to the war camp and waits for events to proceed peacefully.
Attacking the Colossus. If the heroes attack Talos or
make threats against the city, then the colossus retaliates
and fights until he is destroyed. The warriors on the
city walls will support Talos with volleys of javelins that
target the heroes and their dragons. In the event that
the colossus is destroyed, Volkan is capable of repairing
him, but it's a very slow process.

The Siren Messenger
Queen Helen sends a siren messenger to meet with the
party. She explains that the queen wishes to parley with
the heroes in order to avoid bloodshed. Ekoh urges the
heroes to ignore the messenger and storm the city—this
is clearly a trap!
The party's advisors explain that a direct attack on the
city would result in thousands of needless deaths unless
the Palladium can be removed. They suggest that the
heroes should infiltrate the city and find the Palladium.
They might even stumble across the location of Narsus.

The Shadowmaster
Later that night, Ekoh introduces the heroes to someone who can help make an assault much more likely to
succeed. It is a mysterious woman known only as the
Shadowmaster—one of the queen's spies who wishes to
switch sides. She introduces herself as a loyal servant of
the ancient Dragonlords.
The Shadowmaster knows all of the secret tunnels
that lead in and out of the city. She is willing to lead the
heroes into the city, but she also reveals the location
of the Palladium—it's in the basement of the Queen's
Palace (A2). If the heroes follow her advice and steal the
Palladium, then storming the city will be much easier.
However, the Shadowmaster has her own secret agenda.
Refer to the Temple of the Shadow (A8) for details.
The Final Decision
The party must decide their next course of action.

• Storm the City. If the party decides to proceed with

the attack on the city, then refer to Storming the City.
• Meet the Queen. If the party agrees to a parley with
the queen, then refer to Audience with the Queen.
• Infiltrate the City. If the party decides to infiltrate the
city, then refer to Infiltrating Aresia.

STORMING THE CITY

A direct assault on the city can be planned and executed
in many different ways. Make sure that you are familiar
with the City of Aresia section as the heroes plan their
assault. If you want to make an assault easier to run, you
can use the following two encounters as flashpoints that
decide the outcome of the larger battle.

Battle at the Gates
The heroes are at the forefront of the attack on the
main gates, and they must face off against Aresia's most
famous warriors. If the heroes win, then the gates are
breached and their armies flood the western section
of the city. If the heroes lose, then the gates hold and
attacking army is demoralized. Failure would force the
party to negotiate or use stealth.
The defenders at the gate are Leandros, Halcyon, and
Laertes (martial masters). They are the commanders
of some of Aresia's greatest fighting forces (A2, A6, A7).
They are supported by another three martial masters,
twelve warrior monks, and three mages.
The battle is easier if the heroes have stolen the
Palladium or if they've allied with the surrounding
centaur tribes (refer to Zakroth's Prison Fort). Without
the Palladium, the mages are diverted from the battle as
they try to keep the walls from crumbling. If the centaur
tribes are helping, then they sweep away the warrior
monks and the additional three martial masters.

Battle at the Bridge
Once the gates are breached, the heroes lead the armies
through the street of Aresia toward the palace. To reach
the palace, they must cross one of the bridges. This is
where Aresia’s last stand takes place. If the party wins
this battle, then the city falls, Queen Helen is taken
Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

251

prisoner, and Narsus is freed. If the battle is lost, then
the attacking army is routed.
The defenders at the bridge are Taureus (minotaur
berserker), General Niobe (gladiator), and Hiero
(veteran). They are perhaps the fiercest warriors in
Aresia (A9, A10, A11). They are aided by twelve warrior
monks and six martial masters. If the centaur tribes are
helping the party with the assault, then they sweep away
the warrior monks and the martial masters.

AUDIENCE WITH
THE QUEEN

Helen reveals that Zakroth can be found at a prison
fort deep in the surrounding forest. She orders Pyrrha
to guide the heroes to its location. The queen is true to
her word, and if the heroes bring back the Ambrosia, she
will immediately escort them to the Chamber of Beauty
(A6) for an audience with Narsus.

AUDIENCE WITH NARSUS
Once the heroes are finally able to meet with Narsus,
read the following:


The heroes can approach Aresia without an army and
demand an audience with Queen Helen, or they can
agree to an audience if she requests one during a siege.

Talking to the Queen




You gather at the massive western gate of the city,
waiting for your audience with Queen Helen of Aresia.
A small iron grate built into the massive wooden door
eventually swings open—it forms a passageway just
large enough for you to enter single file.
Beyond the gate, you are met by the queen, who is
flanked on either side by three royal guards in splendid
red capes. An additional phalanx of fifty soldiers stand
a hundred yards away, watching the proceedings.
Queen Helen is shorter than you expected—small
and delicate. But her bearing is one of confidence and
her voice is authoritative as she addresses you.
“Thank you for agreeing to this parley. While I
cannot allow Narsus to go free at this time, I will grant
you leave to speak with him in person... but first, we
have an urgent matter to attend to.
“The mad warlord, Zakroth, has somehow come into
possession of one of the Divine Artifacts. Unless he is
stopped, he will raise an army to rival the Titans—he
could even become a god. Destroy him, and I will
acknowledge your sovereignty as Dragonlords.”




You make your way down into the underground levels
of the Temple of the Shield. As you descend, you hear a
beautiful, ethereal voice drifting from below.
When you finally reach the bottom, you discover a
massive chamber filled with mirrors of all shapes and
sizes: hundreds of reflecting surfaces in ornate frames
of gold and silver. The floor is layered with a rainbow of
shimmering mosaics.
In the center of the room, a bronze dragon is curled
up on the floor, staring woefully into a large mirror.
Seated beside him is a beautiful siren, who pets him
gently and sings soft, mournful melodies.
As you enter, the dragon lifts his head. Noticing you,
he scrambles to his feet, eager and excited. He lifts his
head and extends his wings, preening and posing.
“Welcome to the Chamber of Beauty, my friends! I
am called Narsus. We have much to discuss!”




Queen Helen and
her Entourage



Queen Helen explains that Zakroth has somehow
unified dozens of centaur tribes into a single army—
something that only Sydon could have done in days past.
Zakroth's forces are already raiding settlements across
the peninsula, wantonly slaughtering everyone.
Queen Helen reveals that Zakroth has somehow
come into possession of the Ambrosia: one of the Divine
Artifacts. She knows that the artifact can be used to
become a god, but she doesn't know the details. She
also knows that Narsus desires an audience with the
heroes, and that the Ambrosia is one of the items that he
requires for his ritual. She wants to assist Narsus, as long
as the heroes promise not to steal him away.

Narsus behaves the same way no matter how the heroes
manage to gain an audience—he's like a proud puppy,
ignorant of all the death and destruction required to
obtain this audience. Although he is initially depressed,
he brightens noticeably at the party's arrival. He's heard
stories of the heroes, and he is excited that they've come.
But he has no real interest in being rescued.
Narsus doesn’t care about Aresia or Mytros. He likes
Queen Helen, because she attends to his every need.
He's mostly forgotten about Ekoh. Narsus really only
cares about himself. He wants to become a god again,
so that he can regain his legendary beauty. He can still
polymorph into his human guise, but he's lost the divine
luster that he once possessed.
Narsus explains that he's spent the last few years
communing with his mother, and he's discovered the
secret to becoming a god. He will gladly help the heroes
become gods too, if they will only assist him.

The Divine Artifacts
Narsus needs three powerful items to perform the ritual:
the Caduceus, the Ambrosia, and the Promethean Fire. He
suggests that the heroes start by retrieving the Caduceus
and the Ambrosia. If pressed, he will also tell them what
he knows about the Promethean Fire and give the heroes
a map that shows the location of the sunken city.

• The Caduceus. The Caduceus is buried in the tomb

of Karpathos, the first king of Aresia. Unfortunately,
Karpathos is a vampire lord, which makes retrieving
this item an extremely dangerous task. Refer to the
Tomb of Karpathos for details.
• The Ambrosia. The Ambrosia is in possession of
a dangerous minotaur warlord. The minotaur has
used the Ambrosia to become a charismatic, god-like
figure. He is gathering tribes of centaurs, gigantes,
and minotaurs into his own personal army. Refer to
Zakroth's Prison Fort for details.
• The Promethean Fire. The Promethean Fire is somewhere at the bottom of the Cerulean Gulf, hidden
within the legendary sunken City of the Sirens. Refer
to Chapter 11: The Sunken Kingdom for details.
Finding the Artifacts
The heroes can track down each of these artifacts in any
order that they want. However, traveling to the sunken
city is the most dangerous of the tasks.
When the heroes return to Narsus with the Caduceus,
the Ambrosia, and the Promethean Fire, he will perform
a ritual. While the ritual doesn’t turn the heroes into
gods, it does unlock the divine path. Narsus regains his
godhood at this point, and he shares what the heroes
must accomplish before they are able to join him. Refer
to the Divine Path appendix for details.

City of Aresia
The city of Aresia is the largest settlement in the Aresian
peninsula. It’s famed for its martial arts temples, impressive walls, and hanging gardens. Located in the midst of
a dense forest of spruce trees, the city is accessible from
the Cerulean Gulf via the Thrake river.
The city’s walls are the pride of its citizens. They
reach 100 ft. in height, so that the ramparts overlook the
forest canopy. The river cuts through the center of the
city via a system of gates that can be raised and lowered.
The gates are wide enough to accommodate one fullsized trireme at a time. Aresia does not have a navy, so
there are rarely many ships within the city except for the
traders who ferry goods between Aresia and Mytros.
The city is home to the famed Aresian warrior monks,
who wear red cloaks and bronze helmets, fighting with
spears and shields. They have a centuries-long grudge
against the armies of Mytros, with open warfare breaking out between the two cities every few decades.
The most beautiful feature of the city is its hanging gardens. The gardens are watered by a system of
channels that carry water from the Thrake river. At the
top of the gardens is the palace where the queen lives.
Centuries ago, the first queen of Aresia captured Narsus,
the god of beauty, and her successors have held him
prisoner there ever since.

ARESIAN FACTIONS

Aresian society is centered around the ruling queen,
who also serves as high priestess of the Temple of
Narsus. Aresian entertainment revolves around competitions between the city's martial monasteries.

The Queen of Aresia
For the past 500 years, a queen has ruled Aresia. The
Founding Queen was named Calliope, and she is famous
for bringing Narsus to Aresia. She lured him here under
false pretenses, but he has never truly been a prisoner,
like the stories in Mytros suggest. Narsus is a lazy and
vain god, so he isn’t in any hurry to leave.
The current queen is Helen. She closely monitors the
affairs of her palace and the Temple of Narsus, and she
makes the final judgements concerning the city's future.
However, she leaves most of the tiresome governing to
her council of advisors. There was only ever one King of
Aresia—Karpathos, the father of Calliope. His history
was carefully buried. From Calliope’s reign onward,
there was never another male monarch. The queens take
male consorts, but no queen would suffer a king to be
revered above Narsus.

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

253

254

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

The City of Aresia Key
A1. The Hanging Gardens
A2. The Queen's Palace
A3. Temple of Narsus
A4. The Gymnasium
A5. The Sanctuary
A6. Temple of the Shield
A7. Temple of Tranquility
A8. Temple of the Shadow
A9. Temple of Elements
A10. The Wind Shrine
A11. Temple of the Sword

A12. The Market
A13. City Gates
A14. South River Gate
A15. Gate, Lion's Gate
A16. Gate, Boar's Gate
A17. Gate, Ram's Gate
A18. Noble District
A19. The Red Lotus
A20. Gallery of Paintings
A21. Merchant Coalition

The Queen’s Guards
The palace is full of the Queen’s Guards, a legion of 100
warrior monks who are hand-selected by the queen.
While they wear cloaks in the traditional Aresian crimson, the Queen’s Guard cloaks are made of rich velvet,
trimmed in shimmering gold. By order of the queen, all
of the guards are male.
While they are formidable fighters, rumor has it that
the queen prioritizes their physical beauty over their
skills in combat. Each guard must swear an oath of loyalty, and they are not allowed to marry or have romantic
relationships, under penalty of death. They serve for ten
years, and they are recruited at the age of 17.
The Queen’s Guards are headquartered in the barracks—two long houses in the northeastern corner of
the palace grounds. In keeping with the Aresian culture, which prizes austerity, the most senior guards are
stationed in the sparsely-decorated underground rooms.
The junior members reside on the lavishly-decorated
upper floors, giving them expansive views of the guards’
training grounds and surrounding gardens.
Commander Leandros
The oldest member of the Queen’s Guards, Leandros
(LN martial master), is nearly 20 years older than
the men under his command. He is not particularly
handsome—in fact, there is a long scar running from
his eyebrow to his jaw. Leandros has never lost a
tournament match, though he no longer formally
competes. He has served the queen faithfully for over
two decades. It is widely speculated that he bears an
unrequited love for the queen, for no one else has ever
demonstrated such extraordinary patience with her
capricious demands.

Monastic Temples
Each of the temples has its own culture and tenets. The
temples constantly vie for supremacy in weekly martial
arts tournaments, which the Temple of the Shield has
dominated for years. Aresians have a deep passion for
their favorite temples, as many were raised under one
particular philosophy. When the monks are not at war,
they keep in top form by competing in tournaments.

ARESIAN HISTORY

Aresia was founded before the First War. There is a long
history of tension between Mytros and Aresia.

Royal House History
The royal house of Aresia was founded by King
Karpathos and Queen Nemosyne, five hundred years
ago. Together, they swore an oath to fight for Lutheria in
the First War. However, they failed to appear when she
needed them most, and she named them oathbreakers.
As punishment, Lutheria cursed the king and queen to
undeath, transforming them into vampires.
The entire royal family was consumed by the curse,
with the exception of one daughter, named Calliope.
Karpathos and his wife made their lair in a tomb near
Aresia, hunting by night and preying on the people of
the city. Calliope rallied her warriors and trapped her
parents and their vampire spawn in the tomb.
Thereafter, Calliope took the mantle of queen and
sought peace with Mytros to atone for her parents’
treachery. But then, during one of her diplomatic visits,
she became enamored with Narsus and absconded with
him, causing a permanent rift between the two cities.

The Aresian Campaigns
In the past 500 years, there have been at least twelve
wars between Aresia and Mytros. This number varies
depending on which historian one consults: each city
claims victory in at least seven of the wars. The Aresians
frequently boast that no siege has ever successfully
breached their walls—and this is true, but they have
often been crushed on the battlefield by the phalanxes
of Mytros. On the other hand, Mytros boasts that their
armies are unstoppable on the battlefield—but the
warrior monks of Aresia have repeatedly razed entire
districts of Mytros to the ground.
In spite of this long-standing rivalry, the two cities
depend on trade with one another, and fleets of merchant ships regularly carry goods from one city to the
other, even during times of war.

Narsus, God of Beauty
Narsus is revered by the city as the God of Beauty. He is
egotistical, lazy, and arrogant. Long ago, he abandoned
his siblings and sought an easy life among mortals.
Almost every woman he met wanted to marry him, so
he decided to make a game out of it. He proposed a
contest to kill a white stag, offering his hand to whoever
succeeded at the seemingly-impossible task.
Most contenders gave up the hunt after the first year,
but the oread huntress, Ekoh, was obsessed with Narsus.
She spent years searching for the stag and finally killed
it. Triumphant, she returned to Mytros to claim the
god's hand in marriage —but she was too late.
Queen Calliope of Aresia had seduced Narsus, luring
him away to Aresia, where he’s been kept ever since.
Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

255

Ekoh is furious that Calliope violated the rules of the
contest, and she has been trying for centuries to reclaim
him. This is why Narsus must be kept hidden—and why
the walls of Aresia grew to 100 feet in height.
Calliope established the Temple of Narsus to attend
to his every need, knowing that he would be too lazy to
leave. Calliope tricked Ekoh into cutting her hair during
the hunt, and her priestesses use this lock of this hair for
scrying spells, so that they can watch her from afar and
prevent her from assassinating the queen.

RUMORS IN ARESIA

These are the latest rumors that are passing through the
taverns of the city.
Rumors in Aresia
d20

Rumor

1–2

There’s an enchanted painting in the city's
famous gallery that is worth at least 20,000 gp.

3–4

After 500 years, the Grandmaster of
Tranquility is still searching for the perfect
olive. Everyone thinks he's crazy.

5–6

The ancient Order of Dragonlords has been
restored! They have hundreds of dragons!

7–8

The shield in the tavern was once owned by
Stolos, a great hero of Aresian history. He was
the unbeatable warrior who established the
Temple of the Shield.

9–10

The shield monks have won the armed
combat event every week for an entire a year.
People are starting to wonder if it’s rigged.

This is a random encounter table with interesting events
that help bring the city alive.

11–12

Narsus is no longer making his monthly public
appearances. Queen Helen has offered no
explanation for his absence.

Random Encounters in Aresia

13–14

There is idle speculation about the identity of
the Grandmaster of the Shadow. It is one of
the greatest mysteries in Aresia.

THE CITY WALLS

The city walls are constantly patrolled by hundreds of
soldiers and warrior monks, who rotate between the
different gates throughout the day. The walls are 100
feet high and contructed with heavily-fortified stone
masonry that has been painted white. To reach the
top of the walls, guards must climb spiraling stairways
accessed from the interior side of each gate.

RANDOM ENCOUNTERS

d20

Encounter

1–2

The heroes are approached on the street by
an extremely persistent olive merchant.

15–16

3–4

A group of middle-aged merchant women
recognize you as the bumbling oafs who are
the punchlines of satirical plays in Aresia.

There’s a rumor that there are tunnels
beneath the city that connect the palace to
each of the temples.

17–18

A proud Aresian warrior monk singles out the
most powerful-looking hero and challenges
them to a hand-to-hand duel.

An army of centaurs and gigantes have been
gathering in the forest. They have been called
together by the mad warlord Zakroth.

19–20

The queen's servants say that the treasury in
the palace is haunted by an ancient ghost.

5–6

256

7–8

A young street urchin pickpockets a magic
item from one of the heroes and tries to sell it
back to them.

9–10

Two Aresian warrior monks ask the heroes
to oil up their bodies; they are heading to the
gymnasium and need to oil up first.

11–12

An aspiring young portraitist asks the most
beautiful hero to pose for a painting.

13–14

A man with an annoying voice stands on a
street corner, trying to convert anyone within
earshot to worship the Five.

15–16

A crowd of citizens runs away screaming from
a puzzled female oread. “Ekoh the huntress
has come to destroy us and steal our god!”

17–18

A portly merchant offers to ferry the heroes
down the river on his party barge. Two naiads
lounge on the barge, urging them on.

19–20

An elaborately-dressed woman runs screaming down the street, chased by an aggressive
peacock that escaped from the Gardens.

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

KEY LOCATIONS
A1. Hanging Gardens




Located on a hill resting just below the palace, these
gardens spill over a huge, terraced green space. You
can hear the calls of peacocks from halfway across the
city. The garden offers a tranquil space for meditation.
The gentle sound of rushing water rises from irrigation
canals that are carefully hidden throughout the garden.


The gardens are visible from almost anywhere in the
city, and many upper class Aresians pass long hours
beneath the lush, exotic vegetation.
Enchanted Olive Grove. The olives here can be harvested daily. Each olive begins the day as a fresh green
fruit, but it ripens to a rich purple near sunset. Legend



has it that these unique olive trees were gifted to the
Aresian settlers by centaur druids before the First War,
and they are sacred trees of the Mother Goddess.
The Gardeners. The gardeners are led by a handsome stoic named Diocletes (NG centaur druid). He
and his team are forbidden to speak on the job. This
is a rule long enforced by the nobility, who wish for a
quiet place to gather and gossip. Diocletes stands a full
head above his team, and the queen often admires him
from her palace balcony on clear days.

A2. The Queen's Palace




The Queen's Palace sits at the highest point in Aresia,
overlooking the hanging gardens. The architecture is
elegant and free of ornamentation. Beautiful green ivy
climbs up the white limestone walls. The top floors are
open-air passages, where you can often see flickers of
crimson cloaks, as royal guards patrol the palace.


the queen takes many lovers, often her own guards and
servants, though she tires of them quickly and never
lets any of them sleep in her bed. The queen is often the
only woman in the palace. She surrounds herself with
handsome men, hoping to make Narsus jealous.
Leandros (LN martial master) is the commander of
the royal guard. He is usually found beside the queen
at formal functions or keeping a watchful eye on the
guards at the training yard. Due to a series of recent
break-ins at the palace, he’s looking for someone to help
him investigate. Nothing has been stolen—yet.
If the party investigates, they discover that acolytes
from the Temple of the Shadow (A8) have been sneaking
into the palace through secret tunnels at night. They are
seeking some way to steal the Palladium.
The Palace Treasury




The grounds include several buildings: the main palace,
the bathhouse, and the surrounding guard towers. Near
the rear of the grounds are the guards’ barracks and
the servants’ quarters. The barracks house the queen's
legion of royal guards (warrior monks), who wear distinctive crimson velvet cloaks trimmed in gold.
Queen Helen (NG noble) serves as ruler of the city
and high priestess of the Temple of Narsus. She can be
found in her throne room during formal functions, and
her personal chambers when off-duty. The queen is
never seen in public without an entourage of her young,
handsome guards. She is in love with Narsus, who hasn’t
made a public appearance in decades. In spite of this,



This marble chamber in the basement of the palace
houses a small golden orb that rests on a velvet pillow.
The room is guarded by twenty crimson-cloaked warriors. The room is lit by seven oil lamps.




The treasury houses a magical artifact called the
Palladium. So long as it is housed within the palace,
all siege weapons defending the city have advantage
on attacks, and the walls of the city have resistance to
damage. This artifact is the reason why the armies of
Mytros have never breached the walls of Aresia.
The Palace Ghost. This ghost appears only at night.
He once served under the ancient king, Karpathos, but
has forgotten his own name. He refers to the heroes as
“Warriors from Mytros” and offers them the chance
to dethrone the queen. He wants the party to escort
Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

257

Karpathos into the palace through the secret tunnels at
night and restore him to the throne. He claims that his
master is generous and will reward them handsomely.
Treasure. In addition to the Palladium, the treasury contains twenty gem-studded masks crafted from
various precious metals, worth 1,000 gp each. There is
also a locked adamantine chest that contains 25,000 gp.
Opening the chest requires a successful DC 25 Dexterity
check using thieves' tools.

A3. Temple of Narsus




This temple is located at the center of the palace
grounds. In stark contrast to the simple elegance of
Aresian design, the building is covered with ornate
engravings and golden statuary.




This temple is full of mirrors, and it has ceilings covered in gold leaf. Despite its name, Narsus rarely comes
here. The temple primarily serves as a convent for his
priestesses. The priestesses of the temple (LG acolytes)
are selected at age 12 for their loyalty to the queen, and
they serve for twelve years, retiring at the age of 24.
They wear silky gowns and scarves wrapped to conceal
everything except their eyes—the queen brooks no competition for the affection of the God of Beauty.
The people of Aresia believe that Narsus loves their
city and blesses them with his presence. Accordingly, the
servants attend to his every need, day and night.

A4. The Gymnasium




The gymnasium is a massive, imposing structure that
stands several stories high. From within can be heard
the echoes of warriors hard at work: heavy grunting,
clangs of dulled weapons, and energetic shouts as they
move through various demonstrations.


Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

Events
• Armed Combat. The most popular and competitive
event by far, armed combat is dominated by warriors
from the Temple of the Shield. Most events showcase
their expertise in the shield-and-spear techniques.
Tournament regulations require spears and other
weapons to be blunted to minimize injuries, but
events are often bloody regardless. There are also
champions from other disciplines, including the
Temple of the Sword. Warriors from the Temple of
Tranquility are famous for taking down armed opponents with simple weapons, such as slings.
• Boxing. The Temple of Tranquility often dominates
this event, which rewards speed and solid footwork.
Competitors wrap their fists with linens and compete to knock each other out. The event uses a raised
boxing ring, and this is the only event where spectators are allowed on the sands.
• Wrestling. This event focuses on unarmed techniques. Fought on mats, competitors follow strict
rules while trying to force their opponents to the
ground to surrender. During this event, warriors
develop colorful personas and complex storylines,
much to the delight of children in the city.
• Shot Put. The least popular of all the events, shot
put competitors throw heavy stones and occasionally
hammers. The goal is to launch them as far as possible. In the past, the Temple of the Elements won too
many trophies in this event using secret techniques,
so they are currently banned from participating.

A5. The Sanctuary




The interior of this large domed building is humid
from steam baths, which have been infused with salts
to ease injuries. Lush vegetation and trickling water
dampens the noise from the nearby gymnasium.



This is one of the most famous structures in Aresia—
and the most highly trafficked. It contains rows of stands
for thousands of spectators, and an open central arena
covered in sand. During the week, warriors come here
to train on weightlifting equipment, but it gets cleared
away on weekends for events and tournaments.
Aresian Tournaments. The biggest tournament happens each week on seventhday, when most of the city
shuts down and fills the stands. There are also attached
facilities for bathing and grooming, and warriors in the
arena take great care to oil their bodies and display their
muscles to perfection.
Daily Demonstrations. While the secrets of each
martial discipline are confined to their temples, the
gymnasium is where warriors train when they wish to be

258

seen. Even on training days, there are delighted onlookers in the stands, whether aspiring young warriors or
older Aresians admiring the beauty of the human form.





This sanctuary is attached to the Gymnasium (A4). It
includes a small shrine for praying to the gods and an
infirmary where warriors can recover from injuries. The
shrine is the domed building attached to the gymnasium
to the southeast, and the infirmary includes the buildings to the north and east.
The Infirmary. Many warriors need healing after
events and tournaments at the Gymnasium. The head
priest here, Lennicus (NE dwarf priest), gambles on the
events, and is it rumored that he makes a tidy profit. He
goes by the name “Lenny,” and he considers it his job to
patch up competitors—rather than coddle them — so
they can get back into the fight as quickly as possible.

Shrine of Luck. This shrine offers services including
healing and other priestly spells. It houses statues of
each of the Gods and Titans—competitors come here
to pray “for luck.” However, it is clear which gods are
favored, as Thylea’s statue is draped with garlands, and
Pythor’s is caked with red paint. Narsus’s statue is the
most elegant of all, shimmering in gold leaf and surrounded by flowers. Kyrah’s statue has some offerings
(including small paintings and music scrolls), but the
statues of Mytros and Vallus are falling into disrepair.

Siren Attendant. Pyrrha is a siren who sings day and
night for Narsus. Queen Helen is intensely jealous of
her, and has attempted many schemes to get her sent
away. However, Narsus is soothed by her singing voice,
and refuses to let her leave. Pyrrha is deeply in love with
Narsus, but all he’s ever said in return is how much he
loves her songs. There are whispers that Pyrrha possesses a map to the long lost kingdom of the sirens.
Meeting Narsus. Whenever the party meets Narsus
for the first time, refer to the Audience with Narsus section for narration text and details.

A6. Temple of the Shield




This temple sits high on a hill just north of the palace,
in close proximity to the city's seat of power. Warriors
march through this area in disciplined formations,
wearing brilliant red cloaks and heavy shields polished
to perfection.




Chamber of Beauty
Located beneath the temple, there is a winding series
of caverns concealed within the depths of the hill. This
is where Narsus (CN young bronze dragon) resides,
attended to by his priestesses and Pyrrha (CG siren
mage). The outer chambers are guarded by twenty
shield monks (warrior monks), but they are never permitted to enter his chambers. Few besides the priestesses have laid eyes on Narsus in recent years, and the
warriors posted here consider it a kind of punishment.



This temple stands at the top of a long, steep path that
winds its way around a forested mountain in the south
part of the city. The temple courtyard is decorated
with white sand gardens and bamboo fountains. There
is little sound except the shuffling of feet and the soft
rustling of wind through the trees.



This temple teaches the legendary Aresian fighting
style, the Way of the Shield. This is the most prestigious
martial arts temple in the city, and masters here teach
techniques that have long challenged the fearsome phalanxes of Mytros. The school’s reputation is well-earned;
this is a highly regimented and organized temple where
everything is polished to a spit-shine.
As the strictest of the Aresian temples, discipline
here is a top priority. In order to maintain the image
of the temple, those perceived as soft and slovenly are
routinely culled, no matter how impressive their past
achievements may be. The temple’s proximity to the
queen is a symbol of its importance, as their warriors
guard the chamber of Narsus himself, located deep
within the hill beneath their temple.
Grandmaster of the Shield
Halcyon (LG human martial master) reigns as
Grandmaster of the Shield. She is hyper-competitive,
and extremely tough on her students. She expects the
absolute best at all times—from others and herself. She
has mothered many sons and daughters who are now
elite warriors at the Temple of the Shield. Halcyon has
been hard on them, and several of them are resentful.
But she wants her warriors to make the queen proud—
many are eventually selected to join the royal guard.

A7. Temple of Tranquility





This temple teaches both the Tranquility and Open
Hand monastic traditions. Reaching the temple
requires a strenuous hike, but the master here claims
that this long walk facilitates contemplation. Younger
monks who train at this temple are expected to spend
years gathering olives before they are taught any
martial techniques. There is a joke among the younger
monks that the real lesson of the school is patience, as
the master only seems to train those who have turned
gray and wrinkled with age. It is no surprise, then, why
this school has the highest drop-out rate of any temple
in Aresia.
Grandmaster of Tranqulity
Laertes (NG human martial master) has served as
Grandmaster of Tranquility for longer than anyone can
remember. He is a wizened old man with a seemingly
impossible number of wrinkles and a long, braided
white beard. While he never states his age, there is speculation that he is at least 500 years old.
Laertes famously subsists on a single olive per day,
and most of his day is an elaborately-constructed ritual
around this single olive. Most of the monks-in-training
spend hours walking across the city to the enchanted
olive grove, where they pick a single ripe olive at dusk.
They must then walk all the way back to present their
olives before Laertes, who goes through a lengthy ritual
to select a single olive to eat. Laertes rarely speaks, but
the monks closest to him believe that he is on the quest
to find the perfect olive, and he refuses to die until he’s
enjoyed it. Many aspiring monks leave the school in
frustration, but veteran students profess the wisdom of
Laertes: that patience is the key to enlightenment.

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

259

Grandmaster of the Shadow
The Grandmaster here is called the Shadowmaster, and
no one knows her identity—not even her own students.
The Shadowmaster disguises herself as a jovial innkeeper at the tavern named Jocasta, (LE elven assassin).
This plump elven woman has been the city’s spymaster
for 500 years, and her loyalty to the throne is waning.
She’s grown tired of the capricious, selfish queen.
The Shadowmaster's Plot. If the heroes ask questions about Narsus while in Aresia, it is likely that one
of Jocasta’s spies will notice this and bring them to the
Shadowmaster’s attention. Jocasta will meet with the
heroes and try to strike a deal. She knows where they
can find Narsus, but in exchange for that information,
she would like them to help her kill the Queen.

The Shadowmaster

A9. Temple of the Elements




This temple is located near the center of the city, in the
bustling heart of the market district. From inside can be
heard the crunching of rocks, the crackling of fire, the
splashing of water, and the rushing of wind.

Our loyalty to the Lady of Dreams does not
waver, even in the event of her death.
- Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria



A8. Temple of the Shadow




This black temple is located south of the palace, on a
hill overlooking the city. The building is deadly quiet
and unsettlingly still. In the dark of night, it seems to
swallow the light around it.




The most secretive of all the temples, this school teaches
the monastic tradition called the Way of Shadow. Their
members are trained to become spies and assassins,
and they often serve as secret police for the queen.
They move in the shadows, and their exact numbers
are unknown. It is believed that they also have agents in
Mytros, to keep an eye on their rival city.
Cult of Lutheria. It is a closely-guarded secret that
students of this temple worship Lutheria. They keep
several shrines to the Mistress of Death. At any given
time, there are at least three captives here being tortured
for information. The queens of Aresia have long suspected this, but they turn a blind eye to it.
Secret Tunnels. There are secret passages connecting
this temple to the queen’s chambers, so that she can
meet directly with her spies. There is also a secret passage that leads to The Red Lotus (A19), allowing shadow
monks to slip into the city inconspicuously.
260

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

This temple teaches the monastic tradition called the
Way of the Four Elements. They focus on elemental
techniques to control air, water, earth, and fire. Unlike
the other temples, the students here are less combat
focused and instead help with the marketplace and city
maintenance. Water and earth specialists help ensure
that the marketplace runs smoothly, and assist with
stocking and boat traffic. Many of the monks are tasked
with management of the city’s vital utilities, including
the aqueducts, the masonry, lighting and dousing the
torches, and more. While elemental monks are not
highly respected as warriors in Aresia, they are seen as
vital to the city’s day-to-day operations.
Grandmaster of the Elements
An imposing presence, Taureus (NG minotaur berserker) serves as Grandmaster of the Elements. Tall and
broad even by minotaur standards, Taureus is jovial but
has a keen business sense. While he is trained in the
Way of the Four Elements, he mostly works as a master
merchant, overseeing the bazaar and keeping a watchful
eye out for smugglers.
Master of Ceremonies. Taureus also serves as master
of ceremonies at the gymnasium, as his booming voice
can be heard from even the highest seats. He specializes
in earth-manipulation techniques, and his decade-long
winning streak in shot put is the reason why elemental
monks have been banned from the event.
Proud Minotaur. Taureas has no love for the people
of Mytros, because they keep his people as slaves. If he
learns that one of the heroes is from Mytros, he will
demand to know where they stand on the issue.



A11. Temple of the Sword

Minotaurs in Aresia



Minotaurs are not subject to the same prejudices in
Aresia that they are in Mytros. Minotaurs dwell here
in peace with their fellow citizens, and bulls are never
offered as sacrifices to the gods, out of respect for them.
The Aresians are proud of this fact and lord it over the
'barbaric' Mytrosians.



A10. The Wind Shrine




This shrine is seated on a hill in the northwestern
corner of the city. It appears to be a fortified temple
that overlooks the surrounding landscape, giving a
clear view for miles. As you approach, you can hear the
ringing of dozens of wind chimes.




This humble temple rests on a small hill that overlooks the northeastern gate of Aresia. It has no special
ornamentation, save for the temple’s symbol, forged in
iron. Warriors can be seen training in the open courtyard, moving through sword forms in slow, deliberate
movements. Others are frozen in meditation.



This shrine serves as a base for the 1,000 scouts who
patrol the woods beyond Aresia. The general here
shares command of the scouts with the Temple of
the Sword (A11). The chimes serve as an indicator of
robust trade winds, and those stationed here must
grow accustomed to the constant jangling of chimes.
When the chimes grow quiet, it usually signals the
calm before a storm.
The Horn of War. The shrine houses a large bronze
horn that is used to recall scouts from the wilderness. When the horn blows twice, the keepers of the
aqueducts seal the river gates. When the horn blows
thrice, all the warriors of Aresia scramble to their posts
and line the walls with their spears. The horn was
gifted to the city by Sydon, and it is held in place by a
large statue of the storm titan. Sailors often visit this
statue to pay their respects before setting out on long
voyages.
The General
As commander of a thousand scouts scattered in the
wilderness, General Niobe (LN gladiator) has one of
the hardest jobs in the city. While she takes pride in her
work, decades on the job have taken their toll on her.
She is mostly deaf from years stationed in the Wind
Shrine, and the one thing she looks forward to each
week are the tournaments.
Playing Matchmaker. Niobe has a longstanding
crush on Hiero, Grandmaster of the Temple of the Sword
(A11), a reserved man with whom she’s worked intimately for decades. She asks him to marry her each year,
but he refuses, claiming that he cannot marry until his
honor is restored. If the party is intrested in helping her,
then they should speak to Hiero.



This temple is responsible for guarding the two northern gates of the city, both land and river. This is the
smallest martial temple, having no formal recruitment
process. The masters here emphasize self-discipline and
training in total silence. They follow the stoic philosophy
of showing humility before the gods, focusing on doing
good work—and most importantly, not complaining or
asking for more. While the shield monks enforce discipline with an iron hand, sword monks are expected to
develop it naturally. The masters only draw their sword
when they intend to cut the enemy.
Grandmaster of the Sword
Grandmaster Hiero (LG, half-elven veteran) never
sought to be a leader. He earned his title after many
battles against the armies of Mytros. During one such
battle, Hiero won an ancient mithral honorblade, and for
years he believed that he was worthy of the sword.
Returning the Blade. Recently, Hiero was defeated
in a duel by the mad warlord, Zakroth, who severed
his right arm and claimed the honorblade as a trophy.
Hiero has lived all his life as a stoic—he accepts his
failure, but it has left him just a shadow of his former
self. If the party returns the blade to him, then he will
be deeply moved, and he will finally agree to marry
Niobe (A10).

A12. The Market




Set between the Boar’s Gate and Ram’s Gate, the
market sprawls across both sides of the river. It is a
crowded, bustling area filled with stalls and the shouts
of vendors. You can see laborers unloading goods from
ships along the river and hauling them to the shops.




The market is open every day except for seventhday,
widely known as Tournament Day. Aspiring artists are
often seen on Ram’s Gate and in the street, hoping to
catch the eye of wealthy merchant patrons.
As the chief source of olives and olive oil, Aresia offers
them at a bargain and sells many olive-themed treats
and goods for tourists. Many of the imported goods
come from Mytros—everything from wine to metals,
cloth, and dry goods. Occasionally, the market draws
Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

261

protestors who claim that many Mytrosian goods are
made with slave labor, but most turn a blind eye, as both
cities depend on a healthy trade relationship.
Zanner’s Wine Emporium




This shop is cramped and dimly-lit. There appears to
be an open cellar door in the center of the room, from
which cool, dry air escapes. The racks along the walls
are filled with painted clay jugs.




For anyone seeking wine, Zanner (LG human noble)
is happy to oblige. Originally from Mytros, he left his
family behind to make his fortune in Aresia. Zanner is
a theatrical salesman who pushes his products hard. He
keeps the most expensive wines in the cellar.

• Kalamata Olives (25 gp). Considered the king of

table olives, this is the most popular and beloved olive.
They are deep purple in color, with a tight, shiny skin
and an elegant almond shape. Preserved in red wine,
this variety offers a smoky, fruity flavor.
• Agrinion Olives (50 gp). Grown near the sea, these
rare olives come from some of the oldest olive trees in
the world. Elie sells the light green variety, which have
a fruity taste.
• Aresian Olive Oil (100 gp). A staple of Aresian
cuisine and lifestyle, Aresian olive oil is one of the
most popular souvenirs. Pressed from the small, regal
Koroneiki olives, it is golden-green in color and offers
a fresh and fruity flavor. It's even rumored to possess
magical properties!
Making Potions with Aresian Olives

• Aresian Courage (5 gp). Considered the only true

Aresian wine, this local favorite is mildly sour and
made from plums. It is favored by warriors looking to
improve their luck before tournaments.
• Agiorgitiko (10 gp). The most popular wine in
Mytros. A lush, velvety red with black-cherry flavors.
• Xinomavro (50 gp). A strong wine, popular for victory celebrations after tournaments. This red wine has
floral and spice aromas, and a firm tannis.
• Malagousia (100 gp). A rare wine from Mytros with
notes of citrus, peach, and melon. Queen Helen orders
a batch of this every week.


This shop is prominently located next to Ram’s Gate.
It is painted with colorful murals of olive trees, and
it seems to be something of a local landmark, with
dozens of shoppers crowding the interior.




Renowned across Thylea, Elie’s is the destination for
olives. Catering to tourists and locals alike, there is an
olive here for even the most discriminating connoisseur.
Elie (NG human noble) is charming and polite to tourists, but she charges them double the usual rates, unless
they have performed some great service for the city.
The Perfect Olive. If asked about the 'perfect olive',
Elie says that the peninsula's centaur druids supposedly
know the secret to cultivating the perfect olive. Agrius,
the King of the Centaurs, is rumored to possess the
legendary seeds of the perfect olive tree.

• Amfissa Olives (10 gp). One of the most common

olives, they are slowly brined with sea salt to bring
out a mild, fruity flavor. They are prized for their soft,
melt-in-your-mouth texture, and work well in recipes
and as appetizers. Elie sells them in a single jar containing both black and green varieties.

262

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

Belan's Adventuring Gear




This crowded market stall boasts rows of bronze weapons and armor. Many of the items are marked with the
names and dates of famous tournament victories.


Elie’s Olive Emporium


Potions created with Aresian olive oil have improved
effects. Add 1 die of the same type to any roll made for
such potions. For example, a potion of healing restores an
additional 1d4 hit points when crafted using this olive oil.



This shop is run by Belan (NG human gladiator). He
loves to recount the tale of the tournament he narrowly lost to Halcyon, when she won the Grandmaster
title. He was so ashamed that he went into exile for 5
years. He also talks endlessly of Speio, the daughter he
fathered with Halcyon, and he proudly watches her rise
in the tournament ranks from the sidelines.
Belan's Merchandise. Belan sells every kind of
non-magical weapon, armor, and adventuring gear listed
in the 5th Edition Player's Book. Many of the items are
commemorative in nature and come with long stories.
Haidee's Curiosities




This store is surprisingly sparse. A small halfling woman
reclines in a comfortable chair at the center of the
room, reading from a stack of large books.


This shop is run by Haidee (NG halfling mage), who
studied at the Academy in Mytros. After hearing of
Narsus’ beauty, she decided to make the journey to
Aresia. However, in the time since she’s arrived, he’s
never once made an appearance in public. Haidee keeps
her magical goods in a bag of holding.



is manned at all times by 12 guards (NE soldiers). The
guards stationed here are friendly with many merchants
and wealthy individuals in the city. This makes them
more susceptible to bribery.

Haidee's Magic Items
Item

Cost

potion of climbing

100 gp

elixir of health

500 gp

wind fan

500 gp

A16. Gate, Boar’s Gate

dagger of warning

1,000 gp



dimensional shackles



This gate is painted with the likeness of a boar.

2,000 gp


A13. City Gates




Standing 100 feet high, each of the city's entry gates is
guarded by a dozen vigilant soldiers and two ballistae.
The heavy wooden gates are painted white and set
into solid stone. Each gate is apparently opened with a
system of bronze pulleys.




There are four routes into the city by land. These are protected by large gates, located at the northwest, northeast,
southeast, and southwest corners of Aresia. The fortifications at each gate can accommodate up to 60 soldiers
and warrior monks during a siege.

A17. Gate, Ram’s Gate



A18. Noble Estates




This massive gate connects the city to the Cerulean
Gulf via the Thrake River, making it the primary gate
through which ships enter the city. Merchant ships are
lined up at the gate, as soldiers inspect their cargo.


These gates are heavily-fortified and guarded by two
dozen warrior monks. Trading vessels must pass
through here to enter the city. Customs are conducted
between the double gates, which sometimes causes lineups of ships outside the gates.



This gate is just south of the tavern. Consequently, the
guards here are less vigilant. People often sneak them
drinks from the tavern, and the lack of administrative
duties at this quiet gate often leads to laziness. The gate



This is where the Aresian nobility have their estates. In
keeping with Aresian custom, they keep their servants
in luxury, while they themselves apparently forgo such
comforts. In practice, they are no less spoiled than the
nobility of Mytros, but they are better at hiding it.

A19. The Red Lotus




The warm interior of this tavern carries the pleasant
aroma of roasting seafood and spicy smoke. The main
room is dominated by a massive fireplace and filled
with boisterous conversation. An ancient bronze shield
decorates the wall above the hearth.



This gate is painted with the likeness of a lion.



This part of the city is dominated by wealthy estates
with beautiful marble fountains and lush gardens.

A15. Gate, Lion’s Gate





This gate marks the northern end of the market. It is
closed for an hour each morning so people can easily be
ferried across the markets. On market days, the bridge
across the gate is filled with artists and musicians. It is
manned at all times by 12 guards (NG soldiers).

A14. South River Gate





This gate is painted with the likeness of a ram.

Bolt. Ranged Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, range 120/480 ft.,
one target. Hit: 16 (3d10) piercing damage. The ballista
has advantage on its attacks if the Palladium is in the city.



This gate is manned by 12 warrior monks from the
Temple of the Elements who take pride in the city and
take their defensive duties seriously. At sundown, the
monks make a patrol around the marina to light the city’s
lanterns (thereby reducing their force to 6 for one hour at
sundown). This gate is closed for an hour each morning
so people can easily be ferried across during the prime
market hour.



Defensive Ballista Attacks











This tavern hosts a lively crowd of sailors, merchants,
and warriors. Centrally located just off the river, it is
accessible by boat or by foot. Everyone in the city is
familiar with the Red Lotus—it's the social heart of the
city, and it's much less stuffy than the hanging gardens.
Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

263

Shield of Stolos. The shield above the hearth is etched
with spiraling meander patterns. Legend suggests that
this shield was once used by Stolos, the famous warrior
who established the Temple of the Shield.
Notable NPCs
• Jocasta (LE elven assassin) is the jovial innkeeper
and barkeep. She is secretly the Shadowmaster (A8).
Jocasta presents herself as an empty-headed flirt, but
she is perhaps the sharpest mind in the city. Jocasta
takes care of her patrons, using her position to collect
valuable information from the merchants and other
travelers who pass through Aresia.
• The Grandmaster of the Elements, Taureus (NG
minotaur hero) can often be found here. As master of
ceremonies for the tournaments, he enjoys boasting
of the upcoming competitions. He also loves showing
off his collection of shot put medals, which he just
happens to carry with him at all times.
• There is often a group of young students from the
Temple of Tranquility, who fill a corner booth and
complain loudly. They gripe endlessly about the
grandmaster, who constantly sends them to fetch
olives and never seems to teach them anything.
• There is a small group of silent warriors with sheathed
blades who appear taciturn and watchful. These seven
veterans are from the Temple of the Sword.
Menu at the Red Lotus
• Appetizer Plate (5 gp). Dolmas, tabbouleh, and threebean salad. Served with tzatziki and pita bread.
• Za’atar Shrimp (10 gp). Shrimp coated in a homemade
spice blend, cooked with a white wine-olive oil sauce
and peppers. Served over rice.
• White Fish Ramen Bowl (10 gp). Seared white fish
and vegetables in a rich, savory broth. Ask for regular
or “warrior style” (no noodles).
• Agiorgitiko (20 gp). The most popular wine in Mytros.
A lush, velvety red with black-cherry flavors.
• Celebration Feast (50 gp). One of everything, plus a
shot of the sour plum wine, Aresian Courage.

A20. Gallery of Paintings




This gallery is a square-shaped building in the northern end of the city with a distinctive dome-shaped
tower. It overlooks the east side of the river, affording
spectacular views from the third-floor, open air gallery.
Inside is cool and quiet. Visitors speak in hushed, reverent tones, admiring the gallery's collection of hundreds
of masterwork paintings.


While sculpture and philosophy are prized in Mytros,
painting is the order of the day in Aresia. This gallery is
entirely dedicated to the art. Notable paintings include
portraits of all the queens, famous warriors (such as
264

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon



Stolos), various grandmasters, and even the gods.
There are also greatly romanticized landscapes of other
regions in Thylea, from a time when there was less travel
between the cities.
Enchanted Painting. Inside the gallery, there is
a well-guarded painting of the First Aresian King,
Karpathos the Wolf Lord. The painting is rumored to be
enchanted—the painter was so talented that he supposedly captured the king's soul. It is rumored that someone in Mytros wants to buy it for 20,000 gold.
Portrait of Karpathos
If the painting is destroyed, it removes Karpathos’s ability
to assume gaseous form. This means that if he is ever
reduced to 0 hit points, he is destroyed forever. This is
valuable information that Jocasta (the Shadowmaster) will
share with the heroes as a way to gain their trust.

Pelegon and the Artists’ Guild
Pelegon (LG human commoner) is the most famous
portraitist in Aresia. He has been perfecting his art for
decades, and came to Aresia to paint Narsus. However,
Narsus has refused to appear, and Pelegon has been the
vocal leader of a protest, demanding to see Narsus. He
has organized the Artists’ Guild, a group of the best portraitists, landscape artists, and more, who now refuse
to paint for the queen until Narsus is released. Pelegon
offers to paint splendid portraits of all the heroes if they
agree to bring him to the Chamber of Beauty (A6).

A21. Merchant Headquarters




This merchant headquarters is a modest building near
the marina, just southeast of Lion’s Gate. Sailors seem
to haul portions of their cargo here for inspection
before it can be loaded onto the ships.




This building is the headquarters for the Coalition of
Merchants, an organization led by Aketa (NG tiefling
merchant). Aketa was born in Mytros and raised in
Aresia. She processes arriving ships and grants commissions to sailors who trade with Mytros. The Coalition
represents merchants from both cities, who work
together to promote trade. The constant influx of gold
and goods has created long-standing stability in spite of
centuries of sporadic warfare.
The Sunken Kingdom. Aketa has long been obsessed
with finding the legendary lost City of the Sirens. When
the party obtains the map to the Sunken Kingdom,
Aketa may reach out and offer to fund the expedition
in exchange for a small portion (10% gold value) of the
treasure. She can finance ships, crew, and other equipment. She offers the party seven scrolls of waterbreathing as a gesture of respect and good will.

Zakroth's Prison Fort
This fortress was constructed recently. It was built to
house hostages from many different centaur and minotaur tribes, who have gathered into a fearsome army.
The army is commanded by Zakroth, an evil minotaur
warlord who seeks to become a god.
The prison fort is a large four-story building made
from logs, dirt, and other natural substances. Plants and
trees grow on the outer walls and roof of the building. It
is surrounded by miles of forest in all directions.

Zakroth, Mad Warlord
Zakroth is a legendary slave-warrior who fought for
Mytros against Aresia in several wars. He slaughtered
hundreds of Aresians, but his master refused to free
him. Eventually, he turned against both cities and led a
slave revolt before retreating to the Aresian Peninsula.
The Ambrosia. During his travels, Zakroth came into
possession of an artifact called the Ambrosia. Drinking
from this amphora grants Zakroth unnatural charisma,
which he uses to manipulate his followers. Zakroth
knows that the Ambrosia is one of the Divine Artifacts,
and he desperately seeks to obtain the other two, so that
he can ascend to godhood.

The Coalition
Thylea’s most powerful centaur tribes have joined
together into a massive army, which is currently scattered across the Aresian Peninsula. The centaurs have
been joined by hundreds of minotaurs and gigantes
under Zakroth's command. Together, they intend to
make war upon all the mortal settlements of Thylea, as
retribution for the defeat of the Titans.

The Ambrosia

Hergeron's Chosen. Zakroth's unnatural charisma
makes him a cunning liar. He has convinced the gigantes
that he was chosen by the Titan Hergeron to lead the
gigantes tribes. He also persuaded Agrius, the Lord of
the Centaurs, to anoint him as commander of the coalition army. Zakroth has no desire to protect the outsider
tribes of centaurs, gigantes, and minotaurs—he only
desires more power, by any means.

The Hostages
There are four centaur hostages kept in the fort. They
are the sons and daughters of the chieftains of the
strongest centaur tribes. Their accommodations are
modest, but they have no desire to escape captivity.
They know that they must remain captives in order to
keep the tribes united for Zakroth's war.
Dealing with the Hostages
If the heroes decide to assault the fort there are several
possible outcomes.

• Kill the Hostages. The heroes can kill all of the

centaur hostages. This will ruin Zakroth's plans but
enrage the centaur coalition.
• Capture the Hostages. The heroes can capture the
centaur hostages and bring them back to Aresia.
Queen Helen can use the hostages to negotiate a truce
with the centaur coalition and avoid war.
• Free the Hostages. The heroes can kill Zakroth and
return the hostages to their tribes. In this case, the
future of the centaur coalition will depend upon the
hostages' opinion of the heroes.

APPROACHING THE FORT

The fort is located two days north of Aresia. It is hidden
deep within the forests of the region. This is a dangerous
area that is patrolled by gigantes and minotaurs. Roll on
the encounter table for every day that the party spends
traveling through the woods.
Random Encounters in the Forest
d20

Description

1–10

No encounter

11–12

A patrol of 8 minotaurs led by a minotaur
hero. They immediately attack.

13–14

A patrol of 6 gigantes and 2 gigantes captains. They immediately attack.

15–16

A lone centaur who is the brother of one of
the hostages. He attempts to flee.

17–18

A hungry chimera spots the heroes while
hunting from the air.

19–20

Three angry blemys named Horton, Morton,
and Norton stumble upon the heroes.
Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

265

Arrival at the Fortress

Z2. The Cattle Pen

Read the following when the party arrives:




Through a break in the dense fir trees, an earthen mass
rises above the forest canopy. At first it appears to be a
natural formation, but then you notice the broad entryway at the base. The fortress stands more than one
hundred feet in height, with rough openings that serve
as windows. You hear the sounds of clacking hooves
and the rhythmic beat of war drums from within.






General Features of the Fortress
All of the ceilings are 20 ft. in height unless otherwise
noted. All of the doors are made from wood unless
otherwise noted. There are two types of doors. The
small doors are 5 ft. wide and 15 ft. high. The double
doors consist of two doors, each 5 ft. wide and 20 ft.
high. Opening a double door is trivial for a Large-sized
creature, but smaller creatures must use an action.
Natural Light. All of the rooms are dimly lit by natural light that shines through gaps in the wooden walls.
At night, all the rooms are pitch black.

Z1. The Entrance


The stench of death hangs heavily in the humid air of
this entryway. In the dim light, you can see six rough
wooden crosses laid in a haphazard pattern across the
wide courtyard, with twisted, rotting corpses nailed
to them. Many wear the tattered remains of crimson
cloaks. Flies swarm and buzz around them.

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon



Very little light filters from the rafters to the central
stair. This appears to be the core of the fortress. Huge
wooden planks have been inserted into an enormous
tree. The planks spiral upwards like a staircase, but they
are spaced more than three feet high. The roof of the
structure can be seen high above, indicating the stairs
will reach as far as the uppermost floor.




The central stair is guarded by Murgrat (gigantes).
Murgrat is young and more curious than most of his
kind. He greets the party and asks their names. Then
he proudly explains that he is one of Zakroth's warriors, and Zakroth is “Hergeron's Chosen.” He and
his brothers and sisters plan to eat all the mortals in
Thylea, and then Hergeron the Titan will be resurrected so that he can put the finishing touches on the
gigantes race. As Murgrat explains all of this, he draws
closer to the party, and his poisonous saliva splashes
onto the floor. Eventually, he attacks the party and tries
to eat them.

Z4. The Slaughterhouse




The smell of death and rotting meat fills the air of this
room. In the center of the bloodstained floor are hunks
of meat and the remains of butchered livestock. The
freshest carcasses are crawling with flies, as are several
large pools of sticky blood.



The crucified bodies are Aresian warriors that came
too close to the gigantes fort. Most have been dead for
weeks, but one of the crucified warriors still barely lives,
a dwarf named Ugulat (LN warrior monk).
If Ugulat is healed, he explains the situation to the
party. He describes Zakroth's history, and he says that
the minotaur has clearly gone mad with power. He
knows that the fort is guarded by gigantes and minotaurs. He saw a single centaur arrive a few days ago.
266

The cows, sheep, and pigs kept here are used for food
by the gigantes garrison. They are in a state of perpetual
terror since they can hear the butchering of the other
animals in the Slaughterhouse (Z4).



KEY LOCATIONS





Z3. The Central Stair

Event: Returning War party
At some point during the party's time inside the fortress,
a gigantes war party returns. The war party consists
of 4 gigantes and 1 gigantes witch. If the heroes have
left behind any evidence of their intrusion (e.g. leaving
behind dead bodies), then the war party will search
them out. They might arrive as reinforcements to a fight
or just as an additional encounter.





The scent of manure is overpowering in this area.
Gleaming eyes can be seen in the dim lights, and soft
bleats and snorts are offered almost apologetically.
The large space is sectioned off into uneven pens
with splintered boards. Malnourished cows, sheep,
and pigs cower in the corners.







This is where livestock is taken to be butchered for meat.
Currently a minotaur hero is butchering the carcass of a
cow. When he notices the party, the minotaur retreats to
the Kitchen (Z6) to get help from the maenads there. He
then fights to the death.

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

267

Z5. The Abattoir

The carcasses of the animals are hung here to be drained
of blood. The room has been infested by a flock of
twenty stirges which are eagerly sucking the blood.

as a hostage. Lesia attempts to converse with the party,
trying to ascertain why they have invaded the fortress.
Lesia's Request. Zakroth has so far refused to allow
Lesia to see her brother. She asks the party to escort her
to The Prison (Z11), so that she can free him. She cautions the party that the centaurs should be treated with
respect, or else her father will be very angry. Lesia has
serious doubts about Zakroth's leadership, so the party
can convince her that he is an enemy with a successful
DC 15 Charisma (Persuasion) check.
If the heroes threaten Lesia, then she will use her
shapeshifting ability to transform into a snake and
attempt to escape through holes in the floor.

Z6. The Kitchen

Z9. The Main Hall





The skinned bodies of a dozen pigs and cows dangle
on hooks from the ceiling, their draining blood dripping
like rain from above. A wide, shallow trough runs down
the middle of the floor, channeling the blood into a
pool where it is collected for later use.










This kitchen is full of sharp knives, forks, and other
wicked-looking utensils. Mountains of raw meat sit on
crushed ice, vegetables are piled in enormous barrels,
and giant tubs of water line the walls.


This enormous hall spans almost the entire width of
the tower. Savory scents fill the air. A huge table sits at
the center, standing eight feet high, with a dozen oversized chairs scattered around it. Six gigantes recline in
the chairs, slurping and smacking noisily as they shovel
food into their mouths with their hands.



The kitchen is managed by a trio of maenads who
were sent by Lutheria to assist Zakroth. They hate
Zakroth, but they will do anything to serve the
Mistress of Death.
Message from the Dead Titan. If the heroes killed
Lutheria, then the maenads taunt the party: “Wretched
mortals, Lutheria is very angry with you. Did you really
think you could kill the goddess of death?” Eventually,
the maenads summon the minotaur hero from the
Slaughterhouse (Z4) and fight to the death.



Z10. The Armory


These chambers resonate with deep, raspy snores. The
walls are lined with large woven mats and giant lumpy
pillows. Two hulking forms are curled up on the largest
mats—the source of the deafening snores.


There are two gigantes asleep in this chamber at any
given time. If awakened for any reason, they bellow
angrily at the party and fight to the death.

Z8. The Guest Den




There is a musty odor in the air, and dripping can be
heard in a distant corner. Worn straw mats are scattered across the floor, and dirty pillows are piled in a
corner. A young centaur woman rests on the bedding.


Lesia (NG centaur druid) is the guest staying in this
chamber. She has been sent by her father, Agrius, to
negotiate with Zakroth. She is to replace her brother
268

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon





This room smells of oil and dried blood. Crooked
racks are set against the wall, filled with a haphazard
collection of iron weapons. Dozens of spears and axes
are stored here, of various sizes and designs. Most are
chipped and dented from heavy use.







This is where most of the gigantes garrison can usually
be found. There are four gigantes and two gigantes
witches eating messily at the table. They attack trespassers on sight. When one of the gigantes witches takes
damage, the witches in The Shrine (Z12) are alerted. The
two gigantes witches will arrive within 2-3 rounds, along
with Zakroth and his naiad advisor.

Z7. The Sleeping Den








The armory has dozens of spears and axes that are much
too big to be used by human-sized wielders. The iron
weapons were forged by gigantes, who have spent many
centuries scavenging for the ore to forge them.
Magnet Trap. There is a 10 ft. wide steel plate just
inside the door of this room. Whenever someone steps
on this plate, any metal armor they are wearing becomes
ultra-magnetized, and all the iron weapons in the room
hurl toward them at high speeds. Victims must make
three consecutive DC 20 Dexterity saving throws or
they take (in order) 3d12 slashing damage, 3d12 piercing
damage, and 3d12 bludgeoning damage. This trap only
functions if the victim is wearing metal armor.
Treasure. One of the weapons in the armory is a
bloodsoaked vicious greatclub +1. It has been etched
with invocations in the Giant tongue.

Sword of the Grandmaster

Z11. The Prison




This wide room is lit by torchlight. A hulking minotaur
stands guard, with an iron key hanging from his belt.
There are two portcullises on either side of the main
entryway. Through each portcullis, the sharp eyes of
prisoners glint in the dim light.




I have entrusted you with the life of my youngest son,
Perimedes, to secure the coalition of the tribes. As for your
proposal of war, I agree. With the return of the Dragonlords,
we must be united as one, or else we face extinction.
—Agrius



Z12. The Shrine




At the center of this crescent-shaped room stands
an imposing statue of a titan. The area before him is
littered with colorful flowers and shiny baubles—sacred
offerings. The room is tidy and well kept.




This shrine to the Titan Hergeron is maintained by the
gigantes. Centaurs are disdainful of the shrine—Sydon
long forbade the worship of his lesser siblings. There are
usually two gigantes witches in this room praying to
Hergeron. If any of the other witches in the fortress are
hurt, the two witches in this room are alerted by a divine
premonition. They immediately warn Zakroth and his
naiad advisor, and then all four search for the intruders.

Z13. The Treasury




Zakroth,

The prison is guarded by a single minotaur hero. He
attacks trespassers and fights to the death. He carries a
key chain that opens both of the cells.
The Hostages. Each of the cells contains two centaur
hostages (CN centaur heroes). One of the centaurs is
named Perimedes. He is the son of the great centaur
lord Agrius. Due to their cult-like adoration for Zakroth,
the centaurs view the heroes as enemies. Lesia can
persuade them to cooperate. Otherwise, the players
can persuade them with a successful DC 25 Charisma
(Persuasion) check. If released, the centaurs will run to
the armory in order to arm themselves and then return
to attack the heroes.





Z14. Commander's Quarters




This crescent-shaped room is filled with large furniture
that has been ruined by filth and neglect. An enormous
canopied bed sits against the far wall. Clay jugs and
wooden barrels have been stacked in the corners.




Zakroth (CE minotaur berserker), is usually found
here. He is always accompanied by his advisor,
Belladona (NE naiad). Whenever they encounter the
party, they first try to learn anything they can about the
locations of the other two Divine Artifacts. Then they
summon nearby gigantes and fight to the death.
Sword of the Grandmaster. Zakroth wields a legendary mithral honorblade that he won in a duel from the
grandmaster of the Temple of the Sword (A11) in Aresia.
Zakroth's Statistics
In addition to his normal statistics, Zakroth wears bronze
plate armor (AC 18). The honorblade uses the same
statistics as his battleaxe, but it destroys any non-magical
shield wielded by creatures that he hits with it.
Additionally, the Ambrosia has increased Zakroth's
Charisma score to 20. He can use a bonus action to cast
the command spell, with a spell save DC of 18.



This tiny, cramped space smells of dust, and appears
to be rarely visited. There are large chests and sturdy
wooden boxes shoved inside. The glittering of silver
and gold can be seen in the scant patches of light.


The door to this room is locked. It requires a successful
DC 20 Dexterity check using thieves' tools to open.
Treasure. The two chests in the room contain a total
of 1,500 sp and 350 gp. One of the chests contains a
letter from Agrius, Lord of the Centaurs:



Treasure
Zakroth carries the honorblade and a bronze key that
opens the door to the treasury. The Ambrosia is a
painted amphora that he keeps next to his bed.
Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

269

THE CENTAUR LORD

Chieftan Agrius

When the heroes leave the prison fort, they are confronted by a band of centaurs led by Chieftan Agrius
(NG centaur lord). Agrius is accompanied by four
centaur heroes and six additional centaurs. He sent
his daughter Lesia to try and negotiate for the release of
his son, Perimedes. If Lesia managed to escape the fort,
then she is here with her father.
Agrius starts by investigating the situation and sending scouts into the fort. The encounter with Agrius can
unfold in several different ways, depending on how the
heroes have treated the hostages.

• Negotiation. If the heroes have taken the hostages as

prisoners, then Agrius will negotiate for their release.
He is willing to swear an oath to disband his army, but
he will remember how the party treats his people.
• Provoking War. If the heroes have harmed his
children or the other hostages, then Agrius furiously
attacks the party, and all the strongest centaur tribes
become sworn enemies of the Dragonlords.
• Swearing Fealty. If the heroes rescued the hostages
and treated them kindly, then Agrius may be willing
to swear fealty to the Dragonlords to ensure a new
generation of peace with the settler races.

I know I should hate the centaurs, but we have
too much in common.
— Pythor, God of Battle

Tomb of Karpathos
This is the tomb of Karpathos, the first and only king
of Aresia. Five centuries ago, Karpathos broke an oath
to Lutheria. As punishment, the Mistress of Death
transformed him into a vampire. Karpathos feasted on
the blood of his queen, Nemosyne, and almost all of his
sons, daughters, sisters, and brothers.
Karpathos and his brood were the scourge of Aresia
for many years until Princess Calliope, his lone surviving daughter, led a band of Aresia’s bravest warriors
to the vampire tombs and sealed them up while they
slept during the day. Powerful wizards and clerics cast
magical wards to make sure that no one would be able
to release the undead from their imprisonment. For five
hundred years, the tombs have been forbidden to all and
guarded by elite Aresian warriors.

The Vampires
There are two full vampires in the tombs. One is the
former king, Karpathos the Wolf Lord, while the
other is the former Queen Nemosyne. Nemosyne and
all of the vampire spawn in the tomb were created by
Karpathos; they exist to serve and protect him. Unlike
a normal vampire, Karpathos cannot create vampire
spawn just by draining their blood. Instead, after draining them, he must use the power of the Caduceus.

270

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

The Caduceus
The Caduceus is a powerful magical staff that was
buried with Karpathos. It is one of the Divine Artifacts.
Karpathos used the power of the Caduceus to transform
his victims into vampires. The staff is seemingly indestructible. It was buried with the vampire so that no one
else could make use of its foul magic.
Narsus knows the truth—the staff is imbued with the
life force of one of the ancient Titans. It is not cursed,
but its power of life-giving is perverted when used
by undead creatures. For more information on the
Caduceus refer to the Treasures appendix.
Resurrecting the Gods
You may choose to resurrect Sydon, Lutheria, or any of
the other dead gods with the Caduceus. Servants of dead
gods, such as Jocasta, desire the Caduceus above all else.
In this way, old enemies can return to the story with
renewed vendettas against the heroes.

Magical Wards
Several powerful magical wards protect the tombs.
The entire dungeon is under the effect of a permanent
forbiddance spell. No one can teleport into or out of any

of the tombs. In addition, any celestial, elemental, fey, or
fiend that enters the tombs for the first time takes 5d10
necrotic damage. Elves, satyrs, and other creatures with
fey ancestry take half of this damage.
In addition, the door that leads into the tombs is
protected by a permanent antipathy/sympathy spell that
makes it difficult to approach. Refer to K1 for details.

THE BARROWS

The barrows are located a few hours south of the city of
Aresia, deep within the forest of the region. The barrows
are in a clearing that is almost one mile in diameter.




The dense trees give way to grassy hills. A humid fog
hangs over these gently rolling hills, and crows call in
the distance. There are three distinct hills, one larger
than the others. Upon approaching the largest, a stone
pathway can be seen, which leads down into this
ancient barrow. A dozen warrior monks stand vigil,
their crimson cloaks standing in stark contrast to the
dull stone around them.




The barrows are protected by an elite contingent of
twelve Aresian warrior monks led by Yosfor (TN martial master). Yosfor and his band are part of a long line
of warriors charged with guarding this tomb. At night,
they make camp several hundred feet away from the
tomb, because the noises from inside are too disturbing.
Yosfor stops anyone who approaches the tomb
and demands that they identify themselves. He and
his band will prevent unauthorized entry by force if
necessary. He can be persuaded to stand down with a
successful DC 20 Charisma (Persuasion) check. If the
heroes have a letter from Queen Helen, then they are
allowed entry.
General Features of the Tomb
All of the ceilings are 8 ft. in height unless otherwise noted.
Most of the rooms are dimly lit with torches.
Heavy Stone Doorways. All of the doors are made
from heavy stone. The doors are circular plugs that are
8 ft. in diameter. The doors can be moved with a successful DC 20 Strength (Athletics) check. Moving the
door means pushing it so that it crashes onto its side.
The fall makes a tremendous noise that can be heard
by all creatures throughout the tombs.
Shadows on the Walls
Many of the rooms in the tomb have humanoid shadows animating along the walls. These shadows begin
to follow the party through the tomb. Eventually, the
party may have as many as fifty shadows following them.
These shadows are harmless—they are the damned
souls of the vampire spawn—but they should be used to
create a sense of tension.

When the party finally leaves the tomb, the shadows continue following them. If the party wields the
Caduceus, then they sense that they have a choice: they
can use the staff to put these souls to rest, or they can
use the staff to swallow the souls. Swallowing the souls
adds one charge of create undead to the staff.
Encounter: The Nuckle
Ten minutes after the entrance of the tomb has been
unsealed, a pack of four nuckle will enter. These horrifying creatures emerged from the ocean months ago
and have haunted the edges of the barrows, waiting for
an opportunity to enter the tombs. They are seeking out
the Caduceus with the intention of using it to resurrect
Lutheria. If Lutheria is still alive, then the nuckle seek it
out on her behalf.
The nuckle will release any vampire spawn that the
heroes haven’t destroyed. These vampire spawn come
under control of the nuckle and obey their commands.
The vampire spawn gather in the Main Antechamber
(K4) and wait to ambush anyone who passes through.
This is the order in which they explore the tomb:
1. They release the vampire spawn from K3.
2. They release the vampire spawn from K4.
3. They travel down the tunnel to K5, open the door to
K6 and release the vampire spawn there.
4. They wait for the heroes to confront Karpathos.
5. Once the heroes defeat Karpathos or try to leave the
tomb, the nuckle will ambush them.
Nuckle Tactics. When the nuckle engage the heroes
in battle, they will attempt to grapple as many of them
as possible. Once a nuckle has managed to successfully
grapple a hero, it will use its full move to return to the
Main Antechamber (K4). It takes two rounds for the
nuckle to deposit its victim in this room full of vampire
spawn before returning to rejoin the battle. Heroes who
are dragged to this room may be required to face down
as many as two dozen vampire spawn!
If there are no vampire spawn for the nuckle to
release, then they will track down the party and try to
kill them in the most direct way possible.

KEY LOCATIONS
K1. The Entrance




A smooth stone pathway slopes gently downward,
leading below ground level. Stone masonry supports
this tunnel, which leads into the base of a large, grassy
hill. At the end of the pathway sits a large stone archway, with intricate runes inscribed into the rock above.
A triangular opening sits above the runes, and a dank,
musty scent emanates from the other side.




Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

271

The entrance tunnel has magical runes etched into it
that create a permanent antipathy/sympathy spell effect.
The following races are impacted by this spell: dwarf, elf,
gnome, halfling, half-elf, half-orc, and human.
Frightening Runes. Forbidden races must make a DC
19 Wisdom saving throw or be frightened by the runes.
A creature who fails the saving throw feels a sense of
dread—they are certain that if they enter the tomb, they
will perish and their soul will be lost. Affected creatures
must move away from the runes until they can no longer
see them. When they are no longer able to see the runes,
they can make another saving throw. If they fail that
saving throw, they cannot make another until 24 hours
have passed. Those who make their saving throw are
immune to the effects for a full minute.
Anyone standing inside the entrance chamber can
hear scratching coming from the door leading to the
Sealed Tomb (K3). If the stone doors are opened, then
the antipathy/sympathy spell ceases to function.

272

Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

K2. The Ruined Tomb




This dim chamber has dark splatters on the wall, and
carries a musty odor. A sarcophagus sits open in the
middle, with a broken stone slab at its side. There is
nothing inside except for rocks and debris. Scattered
around the sarcophagus are the shattered remnants of
several six-armed skeletons.


This tomb has been desecrated. A century ago, gygan
tomb robbers were able to open the door to this chamber. They were killed by the vampire spawn inside.
The vampire spawn were eventually tracked down and
destroyed. The door has never been resealed.



od are the
To my knowledge, Karpathos and his bro
lea.
only creatures of their kind in all Thy
- Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria

K3. The Sealed Tomb




This chamber is eerily still. Several sarcophagi line the
edges of the room, but all are cracked open. A large
stone pillar dominates the center of the room, and a
heavy bronze hammer lies atop a pile of rubble nearby.
Faint scratching noises can be heard from inside the
pillar, as if something is trying to escape.


K5. King's Antechamber


K4. Main Antechamber




Four sarcophagi line the edges of this circular room.
Eight pale, shriveled bodies sit atop them, pinned down
by heavy millstones. Their eyes glint, and they hiss
softly in the darkness. Along the far wall, there are two
passageways that lead deeper into the tombs.


There is little inside this chamber except for rubble and
the overwhelming scent of musk. It is circular, like the
other chambers, but has no sarcophagi or columns.
Two circular stone doors lie ahead, with no markings
to indicate where they lead. The only sign of life is a
cockroach that skitters off into the darkness.



The central pillar in this room has been sealed for centuries. A few good hits from the hammer will loosen the
bricked-up pillar to a point where the creatures trapped
inside are finally able to force their way out.
Trapped Undead Servants. The inside of the pillar is
packed with undead. There are twelve vampire spawn,
all pressed together in such a way that they can hardly
move. These vampire spawn were all commanders and
guards of queen Nemosyne. If the bricked-up opening is
broken, six of the vampire spawn fall into the room and
attack the party immediately. The other six are able to
claw free and join the battle one round later.
Shadows on the Walls. There are twelve humanoid
shadows that animate along the walls of this tomb.
These shadows are incorporeal, but they begin following the party throughout the tomb. The shadows are
difficult to see at first—a passive Perception score of 15
or higher is required to notice them.



The eight bodies are vampire spawn. These vampire
spawn are all cousins of queen Nemosyne. The vampire
spawn are unable to move and are considered paralyzed. Removing a millstone requires a successful DC 15
Strength (Athletics) check.
Shadows on the Walls. There are eight humanoid
shadows that animate along the walls of this room.
These shadows are incorporeal, but they begin following
the party throughout the tomb.
Passageways. This chamber has two passageways that
lead deeper into the tomb. One leads to the Sepulcher
of Servants (K6) while the other leads to the Queen's
Antechamber (K10). Both are 200 ft. in length.







This room is empty.

K6. Sepulcher of Servants




Six sarcophagi are set in a circular pattern, and atop
each lies a pale body dressed in faded but ornate robes.
They are pinned down by enormous millstones. Two
passageways are blocked by stone doors along the far
wall of the sepulcher.




The passage in this chamber runs for 200 ft. until it ends
in the tomb of Nemosyne. The six bodies held down
by stone millstones are vampire spawn. They are all
brothers and sisters of Queen Nemosyne. A successful
DC 15 History check will reveal their identities. The
vampire spawn are unable to move and are considered
paralyzed. Removing a millstone requires a successful
DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check.
Shadows on the Walls. There are six humanoid shadows that animate along the walls of this room. These
shadows are incorporeal, but they begin following the
party throughout the tomb.

K7. The Dread Boar




The stench in this room is overwhelmingly pungent,
made worse by the dank, humid air. It is the unmistakable foulness of death, and it emanates from a hulking,
half-rotten boar that hangs from the ceiling. The boar
is enormous, and it is displayed with reverence. It
seems to be some sort of hunting trophy.




This body of the sacred boar was the Wolf Lord’s most
coveted trophy. It was cursed by Lutheria and is now
a dread boar. If anyone enters the chamber, the dread
boar will come alive after 1 minute and rip itself down
from the ceiling. It fights to the death.
Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

273

K8. The Wolf Den

K9. Sepulcher of Karpathos







A thick layer of filth covers the floor, and the stench of
refuse fills the air. Patches of grass and mud have been
matted into beds by some sort of beast. Enormous
piles of half-gnawed bones are scattered throughout
the room, picked clean of flesh.




This chamber is the den of Karpathos's dread wolves, but
they are not currently here.
Grasping Skeletons. The scattered bones are actually
hundreds of skeletons that have been packed into the
floor. These are ancient victims of the vampires. As the
party moves across the room, the skeletons grasp at the
party's ankles with their bony hands. Each hero must make
a successful DC 18 Dexterity saving throw or be restrained
by a skeleton. Once a skeleton has restrained a hero, it
tries to drag the hero down into the bone pit. This takes 2
rounds, and it can be prevented by destroying the skeleton.
If the skeleton succeeds, then the hero must hold their
breath or they begin to suffocate beneath the bones.



Two enormous wolves dominate this sepulcher, and
their deathly stench is palpable. A huge pillar stands
in the center of the chamber, inlaid with red stone
and green alabaster. An opening in the pillar has
been bricked over. Near the pillar lies an adamantine
hammer with a wolf's head design.




The two dread wolves are large enough to fill most of
the room. They won’t attack unless someone attacks
them first, but they snarl at trespassers.
Awakening the Wolf Lord
Karpathos (NE warrior vampire) is sealed up in the
central pillar. One hit from the adamantine hammer will
break the sealed door and dissipate the magic that has
kept the Wolf King imprisoned for two centuries. The
sarcophagus is his resting place, and he will return here
in mist form when reduced to 0 hit points.




Inside the pillar, there is an open sarcophagus with a
kingly figure resting inside. The ancient vampire lord
opens his eyes and gazes at you with cold intensity.
In his right hand, he carries an ancient staff with two
wings and two twisting dragons.

Karpathos the
Wolf Lord




Karpathos wields the Caduceus. He can use a bonus
action to touch another undead creature and cause it to
regain 100 hit points. This includes undead that have
been reduced to 0 hit points. He will use it to return his
dread wolves to life if they have been destroyed.
Family Reunion. If Karpathos is losing the battle, he
will try to find Queen Nemosyne. He uses misty escape to
flee to the Sepulcher of Nemosyne (K14), slipping through
any sealed doors along the way. Once he finds his queen,
he will free her and then all of the vampire spawn in the
Chamber of Children (K12). The entire family of vampires
then seeks out the party and attempts to ambush them.

K10. Queen's Antechamber




This circular room has two stone doors, neither of
which bear any markings. The chamber is scattered
with rubble and many corroded bronze trinkets.




The corroded trinkets in this room were ancient offerings buried with the original occupants of the tomb,
before the vampires were locked away here. One of the
items scattered in the rubble is an eversmoking bottle.
Passageways. This chamber has two passageways that
lead elsewhere in the tomb. One leads back to the Main

K13. Guardian Chamber

Antechamber (K4) while the other leads deeper, to the
King's Antechamber (K5). Both are 200 ft. in length.



K11. The Beautiful Singers




This room is filled with twelve golden statues, almost
blindingly bright compared to the rubble and stone
around them. Forged from layered plates of metal,
each statue is made in the image of a different woman.
They strike elegant poses, as if dancing or strumming
instruments. The room smells strongly of oil.






The golden statues are all keledone. When any living
creature enters the chamber, four keledone activate.
Wings will unfurl from their backs and they will use
their song of pain against the intruders. The remaining
keledone will not activate unless attacked. Once all of
the active keledone are destroyed, intruders have an
hour before the remaining keledone will become active
and hunt down any living creatures that remain in the
tombs. The keledone ignore undead entirely.

K14. Sepulcher of Nemosyne




An ornately carved sarcophagus rests on a dais in the
center of this room, and light filters down onto it from
above. A pale, motionless figures rests inside it. She is
dressed in a fine but faded crimson dress, embroidered
with intricate golden designs. She would seem asleep if
not for the enormous millstone on her chest. The room
smells of dust and the putrid odor of rot.



Nearly two dozen child-sized sarcophagi line this room.
The center of the room is dominated by a painted
pillar, but its murals have long since faded. You can
hear the faint sounds of pitiful crying and sniffling
coming from within the pillar.




The four bodies held down by heavy millstones are
vampire spawn. They were the personal guards of the
queen. The vampire spawn are unable to move and are
considered paralyzed. Removing a millstone requires a
successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check.
Shadows on the Walls. There are four humanoid
shadows that animate along the walls of this tomb.
These shadows are incorporeal, but they begin following
the party throughout the tomb.

K12. Chamber of Children




Four stone sarcophagi are set in the center of this
room, and four warriors in heavy bronze breastplates
lie atop them, garbed in faded crimson cloaks. Each
warrior is weighed down by a heavy millstone.





Imprisoned within the pillar are Queen Nemosyne's
many young children, nephews, and nieces. They are all
vampire spawn. There are twenty of them. All of them
look like children from the age of six to ten. If they are
released, they will pour out and attack trespassers without mercy. Five of them emerge each round.
Shadows on the Walls. There are twenty child-sized
shadows that animate along the walls of this tomb.
These shadows are incorporeal, but they begin following
the party throughout the tomb.



Queen Nemosyne is a spellcaster vampire. While the
millstone sits on her chest, she is unable to move and is
considered paralyzed. Removing the millstone requires
a successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check. The sarcophagus is her resting place, and she will return here in
mist form when reduced to 0 hit points.
Family Reunion. When Queen Nemosyne is released,
she immediately moves to the Chamber of Children
(K12) and breaks open the pillar to release the vampire
spawn. The twenty children will then join her as she
tries to hunt down and kill the intruders.
The Queen's Cape. Queen Nemosyne wears a cape
of the mountebank, which allows her to cast dimension
door once per day. She may use this to reach K12 as
soon as the millstone is removed from her chest.

It was unthinkably brave of Queen Calliope to lock her cursed family away in the tombs. How many young warriors
would have the stomach to do such a thing? The people of Mytros spit on the names of the Aresian queens, but I have
great respect for Calliope, who possessed the strength of will both to save her city and to seize the god of beauty.

—Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (62 CE)
Ch apter 10 | The New Pa ntheon

275

Chapter 11:

The Sunken Kingdom
“The sirens have spent thousands of years
singing of their lost city, but none would recognize
it now, broken and shattered in the depths of the
ocean. There are places there that light cannot
reach—shadows where an ancient hunger sleeps.”

T

—Versi, Oracle of Thylea

his chapter begins when the party
decides to seek out one of the lost Divine
Artifacts—the Promethean Fire. Recovering
this artifact is a major undertaking that
requires the party to dive deep beneath the oceans and
explore the legendary Sunken Kingdom. There they
will meet forgotten gods and face primordial dangers,
including the monster Scylla, bane of the ancient seas.

Running the Adventure
Before traveling to the Sunken Kingdom, the party
will need a map to its location. Pyrrha, a siren from
Aresia, has long possessed just such a map. She attends
to Narsus in the Chamber of Beauty (A6). Refer to the
Audience with Narsus in Chapter 10 for details.
Once the party has obtained the map, they can set
out on an expedition to find the sunken city. They
276

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon

will need a crewed ship and some means by which to
explore underwater for long periods of time. Aketa at
the Merchant Headquarters (A21) in Aresia is willing to
provide magic and equipment to assist with the quest.
Versi, the Oracle, is also more than willing to assist, as
she has long been curious about the sunken city.
Here is an overview of this chapter:

• The Sunken City. The party must sail to the loca-

tion of the sunken city, anchor the ship, and dive to
the ocean floor. They must speak with the merfolk
in the ruins of the city to learn the location of the
Promethean Fire. The merfolk are fighting a war
against a terrifying merrow tribe.
• The Temple District. The party must investigate this
ruined district, where a pantheon of long-forgotten
gods have been sealed away. They tell the party the
story of Phaeros, an angelic being who carries the
Promethean Fire. He and the artifact were swallowed
by Scylla thousands of years ago.
• The Chasm. The party must descend into the darkest fathoms of this ancient trench in order to destroy
Scylla and rescue Phaeros. But Phaeros has gone mad
after spending thousands of years trapped in the belly
of the beast. The party must defeat him to recover the
Promethean Fire.

Lost City of the Sirens
The Sunken Kingdom is a city that was swallowed by the
ocean, thousands of years ago. It is all that remains of
one of Thylea’s most powerful and ancient civilizations.
The city is the original home of the siren race, and it was
once a place of great beauty. But when disaster befell the
city, it sank to the floor of the Cerulean Gulf. There are
many poems and songs that purport to tell the tale of
the city’s destruction. The truth is known to only a few.
The Legend of the Sirens
If the heroes are not familiar with the legend of the
sunken city, then you might have Pyrrha sing the story
to them. Refer to the Legend of the Sirens in the Playable
Races appendix for details.

Location of the Kingdom
The Sunken Kingdom is located a few miles west of
Yonder and north of Exile Island.
The city stretches across a relatively shallow part
of the ocean, only a few hundred feet below sea level.
Sunlight filters through the water and provides light.
The elegant marble architecture of the sirens has been
amazingly resilient, despite centuries under the ocean.
Coral has grown over many sections of the city, adding
to its ethereal beauty.

The Forgotten Gods
The city is no longer populated by sirens. It is now the
domain of a merfolk kingdom. The merfolk worship
a group of powerful godlike beings that are seemingly
trapped in the ancient temple ruins of the city. While
these ‘gods’ are unable to grant spells, they do perform
feats of magic for the merfolk and grant them magical
items as rewards. The godlike beings are singularly
focused on retrieving something that was lost at the
bottom of a great rift in the center of the city. This rift is
known as the Chasm, and it is the domain of a terrifying
creature called Scylla.

War for the Ruins
In recent years, the Sunken Kingdom has been ravaged
by war. A century ago, a tribe of merfolk descended
into the Chasm at the request of their gods. They never
returned and were presumed to have been eaten by
Scylla. A few years ago, the tribe miraculously emerged
from the Chasm, but in a form that was unrecognizable to the merfolk. They were now merrow: twisted,
malevolent versions of merfolk. The creatures immediately went to war against the merfolk. Their motives are
unclear, but they are known to throw some of the bodies
of their victims into the depths of the Chasm.

UNDERSEA FACTIONS
The Merfolk
The merfolk kingdom is the largest underwater civilization in all of Thylea. There are thousands of merfolk that
live in and amongst the ruins of the Sunken Kingdom.
The city is able to support such numbers due to the vast
forests of kelp and coral.
Alongside the merfolk is a tribe of nereid that tend to
the coral and kelp forests. They are fiercely protective
of these natural wonders and often join the merfolk in
battle against the merrow.

The Merrow
The merrow are sadistic predators that live to kill
and cause mayhem. Unbeknownst to the merfolk, the
merrow were twisted by the evil beast known as Scylla
that dwells at the bottom of the Chasm. They now serve
to provide her with food. For this purpose they hunt
merfolk, whales, dolphins and other mammalian sea
creatures. Those that they don’t devour themselves they
discard into the Chasm. Several sea hag covens have
come to serve the merrow warlord.

UNDERWATER
EXPLORATION

As the heroes explore the Sunken Kingdom, remember
the following rules for underwater exploration:

• Fire Resistance. Creatures and objects located underwater have resistance to fire damage.

• Melee Attack Penalties. When making a melee

weapon attack, a creature that doesn’t have a swimming speed (either natural or granted by magic) has
disadvantage on the attack roll unless the weapon is a
dagger, javelin, shortsword, spear, or trident.
• Ranged Attack Penalties. Ranged weapon attacks
automatically miss targets beyond the weapon’s
normal range. Even against a target within normal
range, the attack roll has disadvantage unless the
weapon is a crossbow, a net, or a thrown weapon
(javelins, spears, tridents, darts, etc.)
Additional rules for deep underwater exploration are
provided in The Chasm section.
Expedition to the City
Treat this part of the adventure like an expedition into
uncharted underwater territory. The party should bring a
ship and a crew, with 1 mile mithral chains for hauling up
treasure. The party will need access to the water breathing spell or some other means to survive underwater for
long periods of time. Magical light will also be required.

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon

277

KEY LOCATIONS

Approaching the Sunken City
Read the following when the players descend into the
ocean and approach the sunken city:


L1. Merfolk Palace


As you descend into the murky depths of the ocean,
a glorious city slowly emerges through the dimly lit
waters. Towers, spires, domes and other magnificent
structures are spread out across the ocean floor in a
sprawling metropolis, still largely intact despite centuries beneath the waves. The basic architecture of the
city has been overgrown with brightly colored coral
that only accentuates the sunken city’s beauty.
On the south-east edge of the city, however, is a
dark, gaping maw: an open chasm that extends deep
into the ocean floor, swallowing up all light that enters.




Event: Massacre!
Run this event when the party first arrives in the city.


As you near the edge of the sunken city, you come
across a scene of brutal violence: a score of merfolk are
under attack from a hideous war party of merrow.
Wielding tridents and nets, the merfolk fight valiantly against their twisted brethren, but the merrow
are bigger, stronger, and far more savage. Several of
the merfolk are already badly wounded, with plumes of
their blood slowly seeping into the surrounding waters.
Unaware of the interlopers, one of the evil merfolk plunges a long spear into the belly of a hapless
mermaid soldier, who cries out and clutches feebly
at the thick shaft now protruding from her stomach.
The merrow twists the weapon, then rips it free; the
mermaid shudders once then goes still.


There are 20 merfolk under attack by a war party of
10 merrow. Five of the merfolk are already dead. If the
heroes come to the aid of the merfolk, they will try to
convince the party to have an audience with their king.
If the heroes agree to the audience, then the merfolk
lead the party to the Merfolk Palace (L1).

Random Encounters
For every hour that the party explores the sunken city,
there is a 10% chance that one of the following groups
of sea creatures will swim by in close proximity. The
creatures do not necessarily attack.

• Two giant sharks
• Herd of twelve hunter sharks
• Swarm of twenty giant octupuses

278

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon



Rising up above the surrounding structures is a magnificent palace. The high walls and circular towers on each
corner are covered with multi-colored coral, carefully
groomed and tended so that it grows in a pattern that
forms a peculiar symbol: a pair of crossed tridents
above a giant squid.
The iron gates of the palace stand open, but several
heavily-armored merfolk stand guard outside to dissuade anyone from entering without invitation.









The palace is the most heavily-defended building in the
kingdom. There are two dozen merfolk and a dozen
nereid who garrison it at all times. The ruler of the
merfolk is a powerful warrior-king named Pontus (LG
merfolk gladiator with the amphibious trait and a swim
speed of 40 feet).
Event: Meeting the King
If the heroes agree to an audience with the merfolk king,
then they will be escorted into the palace.




Escorted by six guards on either side, you enter
the palace and are led to the throne room. A kingly
merman sits upon a golden chair, his powerful tail
curled up beneath him. A thick white beard covers his
face, and a bejeweled silver crown rests upon his brow.
Scattered about the throne room are more guards,
as well as other members of the royal court. A young
merman swims forward and calls out in a loud voice:
“On behalf of the merfolk people of the Sunken
Kingdom, King Pontus welcomes you!”
Pontus tilts his head in your direction and fixes you
with his dark, probing eyes. “It has been many years
since we have had visitors from the surface world. Tell
me, why are you here?”





King Pontus is grateful that the party have rescued his
loyal servants. He answers any questions that the party
pose to him, and he provides valuable information:
The Chasm. The Chasm (L9) descends more than a
mile into the depths of the ocean. It is the home of the
deadliest predators in the ocean, including giant sharks
and enormous sea snakes. But the deadliest thing in the
Chasm is a monstrosity known as Scylla.
The Lost Gods. The merfolk worship gods that have
lived in the ruins of the city since before the merfolk
arrived. The gods may be willing to assist the heroes with
their quest. They can be found in the Temple District (L8).



Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon

279

The King's Request
Once the heroes have finished with their questions, the
king asks for a favor. He recognizes that the heroes are
powerful warriors who could strike a finishing blow
against the evil merrow tribes. He begs the heroes
to bring an end to the war by assaulting the Merrow
Fortress (L6) and killing the warlord, Sheksis. He warns
the party that she is in league with a coven of hags.
If the heroes agree, the king assigns a war party of
nereid to accompany them. There is one nereid per
hero. Both the heroes and the nereid are given giant sea
horses as mounts. The assault on the merrow fortress is
something that should be quite easy for the heroes.

L2. Merfolk Village




Many of the homes that were destroyed when the
nameless city sank beneath the ocean have since been
repaired and rebuilt by the current undersea denizens,
creating new neighborhoods and districts. Merfolk
merchants hawk their wares in corner markets while
ordinary citizens swim up and down the streets, consumed by the mundane bustle of ordinary life.


The merfolk live in large families of up to a dozen. The
nereid intermingle with the merfolk, though they live in
their own private abodes. The party can purchase basic
supplies at the merfolk shops here.
Everburning Globes. One of the items that the party
can purchase are everburning globes. These are glowing
red orbs that have been permanently enchanted with the
light spell. The merfolk use these globes to light the city,
but they could also be used to light the way when diving
into the darkest fathoms of the Chasm. They can be
purchased for 10 gp each.

L3. Coral Farm


Tall, delicate towers of coral rise up from the ocean
floor. Shaped and sculpted into evocative designs, the
colorful growths resemble a beautiful meditative garden.


The coral farms are guarded by six nereid. Merfolk
come here to herd fish into their nets.
Curious Nereid. One of the nereid here takes an
interest in the party. Her name is Kaila (CG), and she
wishes to visit the Temple of the Fish Queen (D4) to pay
her respects. She asks whether the party will allow her
to accompany them. Kaila has an intense dislike for
oceanids and will strongly discourage the party from
trusting them.





This tall tower is covered with a random but spectacular pattern of coral in a rainbow of hues. Schools of
vibrantly colored fish circle the tower like living decorations, further adding to the towers wild, untamed
beauty.




A dozen oceanid call this tower home. Only 1d4 oceanids are here at any given time. The others are exploring
the oceans or the Thylean coasts.
Curious Oceanid. One of the oceanids here takes an
interest in the party. His name is Vyron (CN). He has
heard tales of a legendary trickster god who dwells in
the Temple District (D8), and he wishes to meet him.
He asks to accompany the party. In exchange, Vyron
offers to guide the party to a secret shrine where all the
ancient treasures of the sunken city are hidden. This is
the Forbidden Shrine (L6). Vyron fails to mention that
the shrine is dangerous and forbidden.

L5. Kelp Forest




L4. Oceanid Lairs







Towering stalks of kelp rise from the dark fissures that
divide the city. The thick vines and wide, flat leaves
wave gently back and forth with the shifting currents,
almost as if beckoning you to enter. But on closer
inspection, you can see the densely packed aquatic
vegetation has tangled together, forming a nearly
impenetrable curtain that obscures whatever dangers
may be lurking within.




The kelp forest is a no man’s land between the merfolk
settlements and the merrow territory. While the forest
used to be a major source of food for the merfolk, it has
become very dangerous for those who have to harvest
the kelp. Violent clashes between merrow and merfolk
are nearly a daily event.
The kelp restricts visibility significantly. The entire
forest is considered lightly obscured. There is a 20%
chance per hour of being ambushed by a war party of
merrow. The war party consists of twelve merrow led by
a single sea hag.

We have long known of the existence of the merfolk,
but we have paid them little heed. Perhaps that
was a mistake. There are powers below the oceans
that we have not yet begun to reckon with, and they
know more of these things than we do.

280

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon

— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

L6. Forbidden Shrine


L7. Merrow Fortress




This opulent shrine is surrounded by golden statues
of winged sirens. In contrast to the surrounding ruins,
it appears to be in pristine condition. Standing in the
entrance of the shrine, you think you can hear the faint
sounds of beautiful singing coming from inside.


This shrine is unguarded and empty. The inside of
the shrine is lavishly decorated with marble statues,
gemstone mosaics, and silver ornamentation. Merfolk
skeletons are scattered across the floor.
The Forgotten Name. Written in mosaics on the rear
wall of the shrine is the forgotten name of the sunken
City of the Sirens. The name has been cursed by Sydon,
and attempting to read it requires the reader to make a
DC 20 Wisdom saving throw. On a failure, the reader
experiences a terrifying vision of the city collapsing and
being swallowed by the ocean. The reader believes that
they are drowning, even if they can breathe water. Use
the rules for suffocation. The reader repeats the saving
throw each round until they succeed or until they are
reduced to 0 hit points. Succeeding on the saving throw
reveals that the name of the city literally cannot be
read—it has been erased from history by magic.
Treasure. The shrine is filled with ancient treasure
chests, which the merrow have no use for. There are
twelve chests, containing a total of 24,000 sp and 12,000
gp. Scattered throughout the chests are six star rubies
and six star sapphires, each worth 1,000 gp.



Near the edge of the great Chasm stands a dark and
foreboding building, which rears up from the ruins on
the edge of the sunken city. Though massive in size,
its shape is flat and functional—there is no beauty or
elegance in its construction. The gray marble façade is
bereft of the coral patterns that mark the other buildings of the sunken city.







The merrow have fortified this building with marble
taken from the surrounding ruins. At any given time
there are 40 merrow within the fort. The merrow are
ruled by a warlord named Sheksis (CE merrow, maximum HP, 18 AC). Sheksis has a coral horn that she can
blow to summon 1d4 giant sharks from the depths of
the chasm. She is served by a coven of three sea hags.
If the merrow fortress is attacked, Sheksis will send all
of the merrow out to do battle while she summons giant
sharks. Five rounds into the battle against the merrow,
the warlord will arrive with the coven of sea hags and
any sharks that she has summoned.
The King's Trident. Sheksis wields a trident of fish
command, which rightfully belongs to King Pontus.

L8. The Temple District
Refer to The Temple District section for details.

L9. The Chasm
Refer to The Chasm section for details.
Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon

281

282

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon

The Temple District
Thousands of years ago, an angel was cast out from the
heavens for believing that the secrets of divinity should
be given to the mortal races. His name was Phaeros
(CN solar). Before he was exiled, he managed to steal
the Promethean Fire. He wandered the planes for centuries before coming to the lands of Thylea. During his
travels, he despised the tyranny of Sydon and Lutheria,
and he decided that he would use the Promethean Fire
to change the world of Thylea for the better.
Phaeros sought out the greatest champion of each
race and brought them to the City of the Sirens, the
most beautiful city in Thylea. The sirens welcomed
Phaeros, for they had fallen out of favor with the Titans
and saw the angel as a messianic savior. Phaeros elevated
each champion to godhood, creating a new pantheon.
The sirens built great temples to each of the gods and
sent missionaries out into the rest of Thylea to bring
news of this new faith to the other races.
But the Twin Titans saw this and called upon their
father, Kentimane, to stop Phaeros. Sydon and Lutheria
saw Phaeros as a foreign invader who intended to
subvert everything that they had created. Kentimane
released the great beast, Scylla, from its imprisonment
on Typhon. Then Scylla and the Titans waged war
against the new gods. This battle raged on for weeks, but
finally, Phaeros was devoured by Scylla.
In the aftermath of the battle, Lutheria convinced the
remaining gods to return to their temples, where she
would offer them redemption—a chance to atone for
the sins of Phaeros. This was a trick—Lutheria used her
magic to trap the gods in their temples. Kentimane then
rose out of the ocean and destroyed the foundations of
the city, so that the oceans swallowed it.
Each of the new gods has remained trapped at the
bottom of the ocean for thousands of years. They know
that if they could convince someone to kill Scylla and
rescue Phaeros, they could return to the surface world
and rule over it again as gods.

Building the New Pantheon
If approached, the gods are all willing to speak with
the heroes. They explain that after being trapped for
so many millennia, they wish to leave the world of
Thylea and explore the many worlds that lie beyond.
They want to leave Thylea in capable hands, and they
feel that the heroes are the best candidates for that
responsibility.
Each of the gods will single out one of the heroes and
flatter them, extolling their virtues. Each god selects one
hero as a “worthy successor,” and grant them gifts.
Quest: Destroying Scylla
The gods tell the heroes that they must destroy Scylla,
for she has swallowed the Promethean Fire. With the
fire released, the gods will be free, and they can use the
power of the Promethean Fire to grant a spark of divinity
to each of the heroes.
Roleplaying the Lost Pantheon
The empyreans are lying to the heroes—they are
entirely self-interested. They have had their minds
twisted by millennia of imprisonment. They want to
return to power over Thylea and punish the races that
left them trapped at the bottom of the ocean. They
have no intention of surrendering any portion of their
divinity.
Never Mention Phaeros. The gods are careful never
to speak of Phaeros. If the heroes mention the many
statues of the angel throughout the Sunken Kingdom,
they will claim that Phaeros was nothing more than a
mortal king of the siren people.

Entering the District


The Imprisoned Pantheon
Each of the gods is imprisoned in their own temple.
While they can move freely within their temples, they
cannot leave them, even if the walls are torn down. Each
of the gods is either a young empyrean or elder empyrean. While the gods can be destroyed, they will simply
reform in their temple in 1d6 days.
Over the millennia, the gods have convinced several
intelligent marine creatures to worship them, including the merfolk and nereid that live in the ruins of the
Sunken Kingdom. The gods want these worshippers to
free them from imprisonment by killing Scylla, but so far
none have been up to the task. These faithful creatures
are protective and jealous of their chosen god.



Scattered about this area are numerous statues of
various sizes. While several different entities are represented among them, the majority depict the same
figure: a tall, angelic being. He is commonly shown
brandishing a flaming sword, with his broad wings
outstretched.




There are many statues to Phaeros in this part of the
Sunken Kingdom. Some of the statues have his name
inscribed upon the base in Thylean script. There are
also statues to the other gods, but they are not as
numerous or as prominently displayed.
liked temples
When it comes right down to it, I never
n, even if
much. Too solemn! I prefer a good taver
the wine is watered down.

— Pythor, God of Battle

KEY LOCATIONS

ability: Invincibility of the Sky Father. Once per day, the
hero can choose to reduce to 0 the damage from any
one source. This magical gift lasts for one week, during
which the Sky Father expects the hero to kill Scylla.

D1. Temple of the Sky Father




The interior of this temple is decrepit and abandoned.
The walls are cracked, and the stone altars are broken.
In the middle of the floor is a toppled statue of a large
centaur. The entire place has been overrun by thick
seaweed; tall strands weave gently back and forth on
the ocean currents.




284

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon



Shockingly, the inside of this temple is filled with a
large bubble of hot, oppressive air that repels seawater.
Hundreds of beautifully crafted weapons and suits of
armor are scattered about. In the center of the room is
a heavily muscled cyclops, working at a massive forge
that belches heat and smoke.



The Sky Father (LE elder empyrean) is one of the three
elder siblings who rule over the other gods. As a mortal,
he was a centaur. He now takes the form of a huge centaur with handsome features and a well-groomed beard.
He carries a beautiful silver lance and wears silver and
platinum jewelry. He is supremely arrogant to everyone
he speaks to, except for the one whom he chooses as his
“successor.”
Ichthys Guardians. The front chambers of this
temple are ruined and covered in seaweed. Hidden
amongst the seaweed are three ichthys. These creatures
were merfolk heroes who led a band into the Chasm to
do battle against Scylla. When they failed, they returned
to beg forgiveness of the Sky Father. In a rage, he cursed
them to transform into ichthys. They are hateful creatures that attack everyone.
The Sky Father’s Gift
The Sky Father chooses a strong warrior as his successor. He will bequeath upon this hero a powerful magical

D2. Forge of the Fire King



The Fire King (NE young empyrean) doesn’t like
dealing with the aquatic races, and has used his power
to create a bubble of air so that they can’t approach him.
He appears to be a massively-muscled cyclops with skin
that has been seared by countless years working at the
forge. He carries a massive hammer.
He is initially surprised if someone interrupts him
from his work. Once he recovers from his surprise, he
becomes inquisitive and wants to know everything that
the heroes can tell him about the surface world.
The Fire King’s Gift
The Fire King chooses someone dressed in superior
armor to be his successor. He will allow that hero to
choose a single weapon or suit of armor in the temple.
Within 8 hours, he will transform the chosen item into
a +3 magical version that the hero must attune to equip.
He expects the hero to use this item to kill Scylla.



Curse of the Fire King. The enchantment on the
item is permanent, but if the hero doesn’t kill Scylla
within one week, the item becomes cursed. While
under this curse, the hero refuses to relinquish the
item. The hero attuned to the item immediately goes
into a rage and attacks the closest creature. Once this
creature is reduced to 0 hit points, the attuned hero
switches to the next closest creature. In addition, the
attuned hero regenerates 1 hit point per round while
cursed, even if reduced to 0 hit points. The remove
curse spell must be cast three times on the item to end
the curse.

The Fish Queen (CE young empyrean) takes the
form of a 16-foot-tall mermaid. She is armored with
coral and wields a beautiful trident. A conch horn hangs
around her neck on a cord.

D3. Tomb of the Ghost Lord




There is an eerie sense of decay and disrepair in this
abandoned temple. The woven hangings on the wall
are frayed and torn, and the altars are eroded and
crumbling. Dark, oily waters swirl around like black
smoke, obscuring large parts of the temple from view.


The Fish Queen’s Gift
The Fish Queen chooses the hero most closely associated with the sea. She announces her successor and then
blows on her conch horn to summon a giant shark.
The shark is completely white in color and has a harness
around its neck. The Fish Queen whispers to the shark
in Aquan and then tells her chosen hero that the shark
will serve as a loyal mount. The shark serves as a loyal
mount for seven days, after which point it will turn on
its rider and try to kill and consume them.

D5. Shrine of the Moon Maiden




The Lord of Ghosts (NE elder empyrean) hides within
the oily waters at the back of the temple. He giggles
occasionally. The Lord of Ghosts is the brother of the
Sky Father and the Sun Goddess. He takes the form of a
20-foot tall gygan. Despite his size, he is emaciated, and
his skin is parchment white. He is dressed in black robes
and carries a long spear.
The Mad God. As one of the three elder siblings, the
Lord of Ghosts used to rule over the other gods as part
of the trinity. However, the millennia of imprisonment
have driven him completely mad. He refuses to converse
with anyone and instead tries to kill anyone who enters
his temple. If the other gods are asked about the Lord of
Ghosts, they will warn the heroes to avoid him.

D4. Temple of the Fish Queen




This magnificent structure is made not from stone,
but from coral. The walls and ceiling are bone white
and emblazoned with the pattern of a million seashells. Instead of altars or statues, the interior is filled
with brightly colored branches of living coral, twisting
and intertwining in delicate shapes to form a wondrous garden.


The front chambers of the temple are occupied by a
sisterhood of six nereid called the Fish Speakers. These
fey creatures are fanatically loyal to the Fish Queen.
They want the honor of killing Scylla for their goddess,
but they know that they are not ready yet. They test all
visitors, refusing to allow anyone to see the Fish Queen
without first besting them in combat.





The view of this room is mostly obscured by thick
seaweed that has overrun the temple. Trapped in the
twisted strands are broken bits of furnishings and other
detritus. Floating above the tangled mess is a stunningly handsome young man.




The entrance hall of the temple is filled with seaweed and detritus that makes the entire area partially
obscured. There are six holes, 2 feet in diameter, along
each of the walls of the hallway, but they are difficult
to see. Noticing the holes requires a successful DC
20 Wisdom (Perception) check. Behind each hole is a
merrow, waiting until given a command to act. The
merrow have all fallen under the charms of an oceanid.
Taron (CE oceanid) greets anyone who enters the
temple. He serves the Moon Maiden and is also madly in
love with her. He fantasizes about becoming her consort
and is intensely jealous of any other male that tries to
seek an audience with her. If any male character seeks to
meet with the goddess, the oceanid will try to kill them.
In this case, he gives a signal to the merrow, who attack
from their concealed locations.
The Moon Maiden (NE young empyrean) has the
appearance of a towering, beautiful naiad nymph. She is
unconcerned about the actions of her murderous oceanid steward, as she is quite used to infatuated mortals
acting in such a manner.
The Moon Maiden’s Gift
The Moon Maiden chooses the hero with the highest
Charisma score. She confers upon this hero the title of
Head Consort and grants them the boon of beauty. The
boon gives the recipient +4 to their Charisma score for
seven days, whereupon it becomes the curse of ugliness and reduces the recipient’s Charisma score by 4
points. The curse can be removed with three casts of the
remove curse spell.
Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon

285

D6. Temple of the Great Hunter




The walls of this large, open chamber are covered with
art depicting scenes of savage battles and glorious
hunts. In the center of the room, a towering man sits
on a massive golden throne, glaring out angrily from his
perch. At the foot of the throne are three scowling and
battle-scarred storm giants.




The Great Hunter (CE young empyrean) appears as
a 20-foot-tall human man with long black hair. He sits
brooding on his throne in the central chamber of the
temple, fingering the blade of a giant sword.
Storm Giant Servants. Three storm giants serve
the Great Hunter. The storm giants don’t worship the
empyrean, but they revere him as a great leader who
can return giant-kind to greatness. The giants are badly
scarred from a failed attempt to kill Scylla. Half of their
kin were killed when they descended to the bottom of
the Chasm and tried to kill the beast.
Testing the Champion. The Great Hunter is in no
mood to entertain guests who cannot prove themselves.
He orders the storm giants to attack the intruders, but
he will stop the fight before anyone can be killed. He will
declare whichever hero dealt the most damage to be his
champion and possible successor.
The Great Hunter’s Gift
The Great Hunter grants a loyal companion to his
designated champion. It is a chuul that faithfully follows
the champion. The chuul will defend the champion in
battle, and it uses its magic sense to guide the champion
to magic items and magical traps. After seven days, the
chuul turns hostile and attacks its master.

D7. Tower of the Sun Goddess




The lower level of this thirty-story tower is marked by
murals and paintings that depict a beautiful woman,
engulfed by the aura of a blazing sun. A winding spiral
staircase extends upward, seemingly into infinity. From
somewhere high above, a blinding orb of golden light
shines down through the water.


The Sun Goddess (CE elder empyrean) is the unofficial head of the pantheon, though her two brothers
would dispute this claim. As a mortal, she was a siren
and therefore the most favored creation of Phaeros. She
appears as a 20-foot-tall siren with beautiful wings and
flowing golden hair.
The goddess meditates at the top of her 300 ft. tall
tower, surrounded by a bright nimbus of light. Anyone
approaching within 30 ft. of the Sun Goddess is blinded
286

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon



until they move away. The area 20 ft. from the Sun
Goddess is considered difficult terrain. Anyone that
moves through this light takes 35 (10d6) radiant damage
per 5 ft. moved. When someone touches the Sun
Goddess, her nimbus of light dims, and she identifies
the person who touched her as her chosen messiah.
The Sun Goddess’s Gift
The Sun Goddess will give the sun crown to her messiah.
The sun crown manifests as a glowing halo that floats
above the head of the recipient. At any time, the wielder
of the sun crown can cast the daylight spell as a bonus
action, with the crown as the target. Once per short
rest, the wielder of the sun crown can cast the sunbeam
spell as a bonus action. The sun crown remains on the
head of the chosen messiah for seven days, whereupon
it explodes in a 10 ft. diameter ball of radiant energy that
causes 70 (20d6) radiant damage. The damage is halved
with a successful DC 20 Dexterity saving throw.

D8. Temple of the Vile Trickster




The walls of this temple are crumbling and broken, and
the roof has completely collapsed and fallen in. Broken
chunks of stone litter the ground. A few sickly tendrils
of decaying seaweed waft among the debris.




The Vile Trickster (CN young empyrean) looks like a
20 ft. tall satyr, though he prefers to remain invisible. He
uses his magic to play tricks on the heroes when they
first enter his temple. He uses dominate person and mass
suggestion to make the heroes perform embarrassing

The Sun Goddess

acts. He uses mislead and teleport to avoid the heroes
when attacked. He feigns death if he takes more than
100 hit points of damage.
Eventually, he surrenders to the heroes and tells them
a version of the truth, interspersed with nonsense:

• Sometimes gifts are terrible curses in disguise!
• The gods are going to conquer the world and punish

the mortal races for being so lazy!
• Eating twelve raw giant octopus eyeballs in one sitting
will grant immortality!
• Scylla has a bad case of indigestion, because she
devoured too many angels!

Of course there are stories of the Lost Pantheon, but
I never imagined that they could possibly be true.
For one thing, the songs were quite... suggestive.
Let's just say that the Trickster God of Satyrs got
up to some ripe old mischief and leave it at that.
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music

The Chasm
The Chasm is a massive fissure at the center of the
Sunken City. It stretches down for miles into an abyss
that eventually connects to the Nether Sea. The waters
of the Nether Sea are steeped in primordial magic and
have twisted the sea life here into creatures of immense
size and power. The most powerful and dangerous of
these creatures is Scylla. Scylla is an abomination. She
is the most dangerous creature ever spawned from the
island of Typhon. The Titans released her millennia
ago, to help defeat the angel Phaeros and his rogue
pantheon of gods. Now Phaeros is trapped in her stomach. She sleeps at the bottom of the Chasm, served by
an army of merrow who occasionally feed her sacrificial offerings.
The Chasm has three zones. Each of these zones has a
different environment than the other zones and is populated by its own unique set of creatures.

hateful tribe. The only creature that wouldn’t immediately consider humanoid trespassers to be food is a
single dragon turtle that lairs in a cave.

The Upper Reaches

The deepest parts of the ocean are dangerous for many
reasons beyond predators. Light becomes a problem
once explorers have gone deep enough, but the most
difficult obstacle is the crushing weight of the ocean.
The impact of water pressure in the depths of the
ocean are ignored by creatures with a swim speed—or
those who are under the effects of escape spells like
freedom of movement. The water breathing spell helps
blunt some of the damage from water pressure. However,
a creature protected with freedom of movement or water
breathing takes a tremendous amount of damage if the
spells cease to function while in deep water.

Light still barely permeates the Upper Reaches of the
Chasm, which extends down for the first 1,000 feet.
This entire region is considered dim light. Standard
aquatic life can be found here, including a wide
variety of fish, octopus, and squid. These creatures
have learned to avoid the huge predators that hunt
in the region. Giant sharks are the apex predator of
the Upper Reaches. The sharks are descended from
the even more massive cetus that swim in the lower
regions of the Chasm.

The Void (1-mile depth)
Darkness is complete within the Void. The entire region
is considered dark, though darkvision still works. Eels
and squid are found in the inky depths, along with
strange fish that can generate light (such as anglerfish
and viperfish). This region is extremely dangerous, for
massive sea serpents and primordial cetus hunt in the
waters. The cursed ichthys crawl along the sides of the
chasm and have even banded together into a small and

The Pit (2-mile depth)
The very bottom of the Chasm is pitch black. However,
swirls of silvery water occasionally light up small
regions of the Pit. These are currents that have come
from the Nether Sea. The bottom of the Chasm is
littered with the decayed corpses of prey killed in the
regions above. Whale corpses are the most common,
but there are also dead ichthys, merfolk, and other
intelligent sea dwellers. The corpses provide food for
the only living creature in the Pit—the abomination
known as Scylla.

EXPLORING THE DEPTHS

The Void
• With protection from water breathing: Creatures
take 7 (2d6) bludgeoning damage per minute.
• Sudden exposure: 17 (5d6) bludgeoning damage.
The Pit
• With protection from water breathing: Creatures
take 7 (2d6) bludgeoning damage per minute.
• Sudden exposure: 35 (10d6) bludgeoning damage.
Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon

287

KEY LOCATIONS

All of the narration text assumes that the heroes have
some sort of light source or are using darkvision.

G1. The Upper Reaches




The faint glimmer of light from the surface dimly
illuminates these waters, which teem with aquatic life.
Multitudes of small and medium-sized fish dart back
and forth, gathering in brightly-colored schools. Larger
fish—sharks and other predators—prowl the waters,
endlessly searching for their next meal, as octopuses
and squid swim languidly by, their tentacles trailing
behind.


Gorathul will trade information to anyone who swears
an oath to end his husband's suffering. The ghost knows
the location of the wise turtle and the ichthys lair. If
someone is willing to allow the ghost to possess them,
he will travel with them and direct them to either lair.
He does not take control, but simply acts as another
voice in the head of his host.

G3. The Void




The Upper Reaches are the domain of giant sharks.
Anyone swimming in the Upper Reaches has a chance
of becoming hunted by a giant shark. The chance
is 25% when someone first enters the region, with a
cumulative 10% chance for every 10 minutes spent
there. A giant shark will attack from below, with advantage on its first attack. If the giant shark draws blood,
there is a 20% chance per round that the blood will
summon an additional 1d4 giant sharks.

G2. The Last Plateau




A massive formation of jagged rock juts out from one
wall of the Chasm, forming a flat, protruding ledge that
overlooks the inky depths of the Void beneath. Small
fishes, eels, and crustaceans weave their way among
the beautiful coral structures that cover the rocky outcropping, protected from the currents and the deadly
predators looming in the darkness below.




As the light from the surface fades, the water becomes
cold and black. As you descend deeper and deeper, the
teeming aquatic life of the Upper Reaches gradually
gives way to a vast, dark emptiness. Few creatures can
survive in these depths, and those that do are fierce
and deadly.




The Void is the hunting grounds for two of the deadliest
predators in the ocean—the cetus and the sea serpent.
The chance of becoming prey for one of these creatures is 25% when someone first enters the region, with
a cumulative 10% chance for every 10 minutes spent
there. There is a 1 in 4 chance that the predator is a sea
serpent—otherwise it is a cetus.
The cetus will attack from below like a giant shark. If
the cetus draws blood, there is a 25% chance per round
that the blood will summon an additional 2d4 giant
sharks. The sea serpent hunts alone and no other predator dares come between the serpent and its prey.
Walls of the Void. Swimming close to the chasm walls
is a little safer than swimming out in the open. However,
there is a non-cumulative 10% chance every 10 minutes
of encountering 1d4 ichthys. The cursed monstrosities
attack trespassers on sight.

G4. The Ichthys Lair



The Last Plateau is so called because it is the last place
someone can rest before descending into the darkness
of the Void. The coral is home to many fish, eels, and
octopi. It is also haunted by the ghost of a merman
named Gorathul.
Ghost of Gorathul. Gorathul makes himself known
by possessing fish and octopi and using them to lure
explorers to the skeletal remains of his body. He communicates with anyone who comes within 20 ft. of his
body. He died decades ago, trying to fulfill a promise to
his husband. His husband was cursed by Lutheria and
began the painful transformation into an ichthys. He
made Gorathul promise to kill him, but when the time
came, he couldn't make himself to do it. Later, when his
husband had been lost completely to the transformation,
Gorthul followed him into the Chasm to try and fulfill
his promise—but he didn’t get very far.
288

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon



Through the murky waters it is just possible to make
out the medium-sized entrance of a cave carved into
the side of the chasm. The cramped entrance gives way
to an enormous chamber littered with the stark white
skulls of numerous sharks and whales, along with the
skeletal remains of several humanoids, all picked clean
by ocean scavengers.




A dozen ichthys have built a small community within a
cave. The cave opening is 10 ft. wide (small enough so
that cetus and sea serpents cannot enter) and opens up
into a large chamber 150 ft. in diameter.
Two ichthys always stand guard at the entrance. The
other ichthys sleep in clutches of two or three in the
chamber. One of the ichthys sleeping in the cave is the
husband of the ghost named Gorathul. All of the ichthys
appear to be in constant agonizing pain.

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon

289

There were always whispers of a deep terror lurking in the bowels of the oceans, something even more ancient and
terrifying than the Kraken. Xander believed it, but he always put more stock in the native legends than I did.

—Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (62 CE)

Treasure
At the back of the cave is where the ichthys keep
everything of value that they have taken from their victims. The treasure is stored in giant clams. Roll on the
Treasure Hoard table for Challenge rating 17+ in the 5th
Edition Game Master's Guide.

objects. In addition to the gems and magic items, 55,000
sp and 21,000 gp have been collected into a large pile.

G7. Shark Nest


On a large, sandy ledge extending out from the chasm
wall you see several dozen terrifying figures. Dead-eyed
giant sharks cluster together, motionless and asleep.
Amongst them are also a handful of terrifying sharks
the size of whales. Fortunately, all of the sharks are
currently resting; peaceful and unaware.

G5. The Serpent Holes




Several large, cylindrical holes have been burrowed into
the chasm wall in a seemingly random pattern. The
perfectly smooth tunnels are twenty feet in diameter,
and they extend so far and deep into the bedrock that
their terminus cannot be seen.






Each of these holes in the sleeping place for a massive
sea serpent. The sea serpents excavate tunnels that
extend for thousands of feet, terminating in round
chambers where they rest. There is a 1 in 4 chance that
an intruder will find a sea serpent in its lair. There is also
a 1 in 4 chance that an intruder will be met by a returning sea serpent while leaving the tunnel.

G8. The Pit




A solitary dragon turtle lairs in this cave. The dragon
turtle is one of the oldest of its kind, and its shell shows
damage from dozens of encounters with cetus and sea
serpents. It mostly stays within its cave, only venturing
forth to eat. Over the centuries it has gathered a vast
hoard, which it guards jealously.
Mercenary Dragon. The dragon turtle is greedy for
treasure, just like all of its draconic kin. It is willing to
help explorers for the right price. For 10,000 gp, the
dragon turtle will join the party and aid them in battle.
The dragon turtle knows all of the locations within
the Chasm. If reduced to half hit points in a fight, the
dragon turtle will flee and return to its lair.
Treasure
Roll on the Treasure Hoard table for Challenge rating
17+ in the 5th Edition Game Master's Guide. Ignore art
290

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon



The long descent into the chasm has finally reached
its end. The sandy, black bottom of the ocean is littered
with the rotting corpses of gargantuan whales: leviathans of the deep, brought down by some monstrous
apex predator. A smattering of half-eaten humanoid
corpses also dot the ocean floor—evidence that whatever
horror dwells here will feed on anything.



A wide, flat ledge protrudes out from the chasm wall,
leading to a massive cave. The fifty-foot-wide, thirtyfoot-high entrance to the cavern is guarded by dozens
of large stalactites and stalagmites, giving the vague
impression of a gaping, tooth-filled maw.



There are a half-dozen cetus and two dozen giant
sharks that sleep on the ledge. Waking these creatures is
almost certainly suicide.

G6. The Wise Turtle








Nothing is alive in the Pit except for Scylla. Every 10
minutes that the party spends in the Pit has a 20%
chance of drawing the attention of Scylla.


G9. Scylla




The cold, dark waters around you shudder. The silence
of the depths is broken by a deep, resonant moan:
the cry of an entity both ancient and horrifying. From
the gloom, a gargantuan abomination emerges: six
serpent-like heads twist and writhe on long necks protruding from a grotesquely bloated torso. The undersea
nightmare lurches toward you with terrifying speed,
writhing across the ocean floor on twelve monstrous
black tentacles, gnashing its hungry jaws.


Scylla is ravenous and will try to eat anything that it
comes across in its domain. Scylla is fearless and will
fight to the death. Anything that Scylla swallows is
subjected to a magical stasis that paralyzes its victims



for the process of digestion, which can take thousands
of years. When Scylla is killed, the angel Phaeros will be
released from this magical stasis. The solar will cut his
way out of Scylla’s gut and appear before the heroes.




As the horror of the deep finally collapses, its bloated
torso suddenly begins to pulse and throb. A thick
tearing sound ripples through the waters, and a deep
gash appears in its abdomen. The tip of a glowing blade
emerges from inside the beast’s belly as someone—or
something—carves its way to freedom.
Seconds later, the fresh wound rips wide open, and a
magnificent winged humanoid crawls out of the monster’s stomach. In his right hand he clutches a mighty
sword, while his left hand holds a ball of blue fire that
blazes even at the bottom of the ocean.
In a voice that booms through the depths, he
announces: “The glory of the gods be upon you, brave
mortals. By slaying the demonic Scylla, you have freed
me to complete my sacred task and restore to power
the rightful pantheon of Thylea!”
Ignoring any further attempts to engage him in conversation, the angel flaps his mighty wings and shoots
upwards, vanishing as he speeds toward the surface.


FREEING THE GODS

Once Phaeros has used the Promethean Fire to free the
empyreans, he will return to deal with the heroes. He
has learned that they seek the three Divine Artifacts,
and wants to destroy the party so that they cannot challenge his pantheon's right to rule Thylea.
Although they have been freed, the empyreans don’t
come to Phaeros's aid, because they resent their long
years of imprisonment. They secretly hope that the
party will kill the solar so that they don't have to.


You hear a faint thrumming in the distance. It grows
steadily louder, until it becomes the deafening roar
of thunder. A powerful wave rolls across you, nearly
knocking you off your feet, and a bright flash illuminates the ocean depths.
“Traitors! Blasphemers! Infidels!”
These words of judgment ring out from all around
you in an echoing chorus of voices.
Suddenly the angel appears, floating high above
you. His eyes burn with rage. His face twists into a
mask of hatred as he raises his sword high.
He throws back his head and unleashes a mighty
scream. The ground beneath you shakes as the
ocean itself trembles before the fury of an immortal.
Then he plunges towards you, his blade raised to
strike you down.



Phaeros is able to swim using his fly speed. He will fly as
quickly as possible to the Temple District of the Sunken
Kingdom and ignore any attacks directed at him. He
plans to use the Promethean Fire to free the empyreans
from their temple prisons. Refer to Freeing the Gods.

G10. Nether Sea Fissure




A deep, narrow fissure slices its way across the ocean
floor. Shimmering silver water seeps from the rift,
gently floating upwards until it slowly disperses in the
darkness of the ocean depths.


Anyone trying to swim more than 200 ft. into this rift
will come under the magical influence of the Nether
Sea's primordial waters. Refer to the Nether Sea chapter
for details about this strange liquid.
Treasure
Fifty feet into the rift, there is a great treasure contained
within a giant-sized adamantine chest. The chest is
locked, and it requires a successful DC 20 Dexterity
check using thieves' tools to open. Roll on the Treasure
Hoard table for Challenge rating 17+ in the 5th Edition
Game Master's Guide. Every round spent in the rift,
there is a 25% chance that a current of silvery water
from the Nether Sea will wash through.









Whoever deals the deathblow to Phaeros will inherit
the Promethean Fire. At this point, the empyreans from
the Temple District will appear before the heroes.

The Lost Pantheon Restored
The lost gods claim that Phaeros must have gone insane
after thousands of years trapped in the belly of Scylla.
They allow the heroes to keep any divine gifts that they
bestowed upon them. They claim that they will now
leave Thylea forever. However, this is a lie. They intend
to gather their strength and return to rule over all of
Thylea. Refer to the Apokalypsis chapter for details.

gods and
The only creatures more mysterious than
tures come
dragons are angels. Where do such crea
from, and what do they want with us?
— Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine

Ch apter 11 | The New Pa ntheon

291

Chapter 12:

Apokalypsis
“The act of creation is impossible without
some measure of accompanying destruction.
Naturally, if you wish to create an entirely new
world, then you will need to destroy the old one.
Everything has a cost. The mortals will understand.”

O

— Lutheria, Mistress of Death

ne of Thylea’s godlike beings has
hatched a plan that will bring ruin to
everything that the heroes have fought and
suffered for. The primordial monsters that
have remained imprisoned in the Nether Sea since the
dawn of time will be unleashed upon the world. These
creatures will annihilate Thylea’s greatest cities. Unless
the heroes figure out how to stop these titanic engines of
destruction, the world will come to an apocalyptic end.
This adventure should serve as an explosive finale to
your campaign. By the end of the Apokalypsis, the heroes
will be 20th level and will have most likely achieved the
prerequisites to becoming gods. This chapter works best
if the heroes have completed the adventure described in
the Sunken Kingdom chapter, but it's not required. In any
event, it is suggested that several years have passed since
the Battle of Mytros.

292

Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis

MAKING PREPARATIONS
Villains of the Apokalypsis
This series of events is set in motion by several villains
who may be acting independently or in concert.
Lutheria, Mistress of Death
Even if the heroes killed Lutheria, the Mistress of Death
can be one of the villains of this chapter. She had a pact
with powerful daemonic masters on the plane of Hades.
After spending years as a pitiful larva, she fulfilled her
end of the bargain, and the overlords of Hades sent
Lutheria back to the mortal world. Now, she lurks in the
shadows of her abandoned temples, weakened but filled
with a sense of renewed purpose.
Seeing what has happened to Thylea in her absence
has infuriated Lutheria beyond measure. The mortals who defeated her are celebrated as the new
Dragonlords, while she and her husband have been
forgotten. Lutheria feels that this 'bold new world' is
a joke. Accordingly, she has prepared a much funnier
and crueler joke: the total eradication of every living
thing in Thylea. She will accomplish this by unleashing
the Weapons of the Gods from the Nether Sea upon the
surface world.

The Forgotten Pantheon
Deep within the Sunken Kingdom, the lost pantheon of
empyreans created by the angel, Phaeros, have waited
for thousands of years for their chance to rule Thylea.
Now it seems that their time has finally arrived. If they
have not already been released from their temples by the
heroes, then Lutheria releases them now.
Lutheria has laid events in motion that will allow the
Empyreans to ascend to godhood. She is a shadow of
her former self—no longer strong enough to battle the
heroes on her own. The best that she can do is unleash
the Nether Titans upon the world, giving the Empyreans
an opportunity to take vengeance on her behalf.
Once the Dragonlords are weakened by their battles
against the Titans, the Empyreans plan to destroy the
heroes and take credit for saving the people of Thylea
from the Apokalypsis. Then, the Empyreans can transform themselves into true gods using the three Divine
Artifacts that the heroes have so helpfully recovered: the
Caduceus, the Ambrosia, and the Promethean Fire.
Other Possible Villains
The Apokalypsis does not need to be a scheme hatched
by Lutheria if that doesn’t fit the needs of your campaign.
You can replace her with someone else, though this villain
works best if it has a strong personal connection to the
heroes. Here are some suggestions:

• Sydon. Perhaps it is Sydon who has returned from the
dead. He is motivated by vengeance.

• The Kraken. The Kraken of the Forgotten Sea has long

wished to dominate Thylea. With Sydon and Lutheria
defeated, it sees an opportunity for the schemes it has
put into place to finally come to fruition.
• One of the Heroes. This works if one of your players has
retired their hero character. One of the more ambitious
heroes might betray their friends in a mad quest to
become Thylea’s one true god.

Making the Heroes Care
The Apokalypsis works best when the heroes have a
lot invested in the fate of Thylea. This investment can
be accomplished through game sessions with a focus
on roleplaying. Alternatively, a game master can have
the campaign skip forward by another year or two and
describe how the world has changed and the heroes
have prospered. If the heroes have new cities named
after them, then those cities should have grown significantly. If the heroes are the leaders of a new Dragonlord
order, then they should be widely revered as the new
peacekeepers of Thylea. If they are kings or queens, then
perhaps they have children now.
If the heroes have recovered the Divine Artifacts, then
they may already be on the path toward immortality.
Many of the prerequisites to godhood described in the
Divine Path appendix can be accomplished over the
course of this final, epic adventure.

PRELUDE TO THE
APOKALYPSIS

The story begins with the heroes facing down one of the
last threats to peace in the lands of Thylea. It is an army
that has been rampaging across the countryside, raiding
towns, and destroying merchant caravans. The army
should be led by an old enemy of the heroes. However,
the Order of Sydon is assumed to be the antagonist in
the scenario below.




You stand at the head of your army, gazing across
the battlefield at the ranks of your enemy. Under the
Order of Sydon, the remnants of the Titan armies have
banded together one last time to lay waste to the
realm. Centaurs, minotaurs, gygans, and cyclopes have
joined forces with vengeful human soldiers to destroy
everything that you have spent years building. But you
are the Dragonlords—the sovereign peacekeepers of
Thylea—and to challenge you means certain death.




The Order of Sydon has assembled an army that
includes several thousand soldiers, centaurs, and
minotaurs, along with dozens of cyclopes and gygans.
They have banded together to return the world to the
way it was before the heroes overthrew the Titans. The
leader of the army might be a resurrected Gaius. If not,
feel free to replace him with another villain that survived the campaign. Alternatively, you can use Gaius’s
statistics to create a new leader of the Order of Sydon.

The Last Battle
The heroes have an army consisting of hundreds of loyal
soldiers and captains. The heroes are likely mounted
on young dragons, and they are equipped with many
powerful magic items. The are capable of unleashing
terrifying destructive might with high level spells.
Despite their vast numbers, the remnant armies do not
stand much of a chance.
The battle can be played out with the heroes attacking
the center of the enemy army. The center of the enemy
army consists of 50 soldiers, 5 captains, 10 centaurs, 6
minotaurs, and 6 gygans. Once the heroes have killed
or incapacitated half of them, the enemy's morale will
break and they will rout, causing the rest of the enemy
army to break and run.
The Might of the Dragonlords
The purpose of this battle is twofold. First, it is meant to
make the heroes feel powerful. Despite the large number
of soldiers arrayed against them, the heroes should be
able to deal with them quite easily. Second, the battle
shows that the heroes are the masters of Thylea. They
are the continent’s most powerful heroes and protectors.
It is their responsibility to keep the peace.
Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis

293

294

Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis

Celebration of the Last Battle
With the defeat of the Order of Sydon, there is much
rejoicing. Peace has finally come to Thylea. The commanders in the heroes’ army suggest that a celebration
should be held. Wine is brought in for the soldiers.
Songs and elaborate plays are performed that describe
the exploits of the now legendary heroes.
Once the celebrations begin to wind down, the heroes
receive an urgent message that they must return to
Mytros as soon as possible.

Challenging High Level Adventurers
When players reach high levels, the style of play changes
significantly. High level adventures aren’t about dungeon
crawling. It is difficult for a dungeon crawl to be challenging when heroes have access to divination magic that can
map out an entire dungeon and teleportation magic that
allows them to travel directly to the final boss or treasure.
In addition, at high levels the heroes should be among
the wisest and most powerful people in the realms. There
is no one to tell them what to do. The challenge is that
they must figure everything out on their own.

EMERGENCE OF THE
NETHER TITANS

The heroes have received a summons to return to
Mytros. When they arrive they learn that a much greater
threat has emerged to threaten Thylea. The Oracle,
Versi, has descended into despair and has demanded to
speak with the heroes.




As you make your way through the palace, none of the
people you pass can meet your eye. They stare at the
floor, enveloped in a cloud of hopelessness and despair.
As you near the Oracle’s chamber, you hear Versi
give an anguished wail. Rushing in, you find her laying
on the floor, sobbing uncontrollably. Seeing you, she
reaches out a trembling hand and crawls towards you.
“I have witnessed the end of Thylea. Visions of blood
and darkness. Death. Utter destruction. The Weapons
of the Gods are free — the Apokalypsis has come!”


Versi reveals that the Weapons of the Gods have been
released from their prisons in the Nether Sea (N6). These
massive Nether Titans will destroy the world if they are
not stopped... but Versi has already abandoned all hope.
This is the end of all things—the Doom of Thylea. The
nightmarish vision from her original prophecy has finally
come to pass, in spite of everything.
The heroes learn from their advisors that refugees
have begun to stream into Mytros. These refugees speak
of massive Titans laying waste to the outlying settlements. There seem to be four different Titans:
that this is the legendary Kraken.

• A mindless, gargantuan beast the size of a castle that
devours everything in its path.

• A nightmarish dragon with breath of molten fire and
massive wings that blot out the sun.

• A malevolent behemoth that levels mountains with
terrifying beams of primordial lightning.

The heroes must decide how to stop these world
ending threats. None but the Dragonlords have the
power to stand against such creatures, which have been
locked away since the dawn of time.

The Apokalypsis is a series of scenarios that must be
overcome in order to stop untold devastation from
being wrought upon Thylea. Each scenario presents a
straightforward win condition for the heroes: destroy
one of the Nether Titans as it attacks a city. The heroes
must use their ample resources and magical power to
gather information on how to accomplish this.
Adjusting the Difficulty



• An enormous, tentacled sea monster. Many believe

CANCELLING THE
APOKALYPSIS

It is important to note that the capabilities of heroes will
vary drastically depending upon experience and party
composition. A group of four relatively inexperienced
players will find the scenarios below incredibly challenging. You might want to explain the tactical weaknesses of
each Nether Titan to your party. In this case, encourage
your party to commune with the gods for advice.
Additionally, you should encourage the party to go after
the magical artifacts. On the other hand, a group of six
experienced players with optimized heroes will be able to
defeat any single monster with little chance of defeat;
even the dreaded tarrasque. For knowledgeable groups, we
recommend that you provide less guidance. You might also
want to exclude the artifacts and bolster the Nether Titans
with the reinforcements suggested for each.

The Four Nether Titans
Massive Titans have emerged from the Nether Sea and
are rampaging across Thylea, leaving destruction and
death in their wake. The heroes must choose which of
the threats to deal with first. This might be a difficult
choice, because the cities that don't receive aid quickly
will almost certainly be utterly destroyed. The four
threats that ravage Thylea are:

• The Tarrasque
• The Kraken
• The Nether Dragon
• The Behemoth
Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis

295

Endangered Cities
The creatures target the most populated cities in Thylea:

• The City of Mytros
• The City of Aresia
• The City of Estoria
• Cities founded by the heroes
You are encouraged to have the Titans target cities that
mean the most to the heroes. The order in which the
cities are saved from the Nether Titans determines how
badly the citizens suffer.
1. First city saved: This city is untouched.
2. Second city saved: The walls of this city are shattered and hundreds of soldiers killed, but otherwise
the people are mostly spared.
3. Third city saved: The city walls are breached. Most
of the soldiers are killed and a quarter of the population is killed. More than half of the buildings in the
city are reduced to ruins.
4. Fourth city saved: The city is entirely reduced to
smoldering ruin. No one survives.
If the heroes are able to come up with a plan where
they split their group into two and defeat two Nether
Titans at the same time, then they should be rewarded
for their ingenuity. All four cities can be saved in this
manner with minimal loss of life.

Using Spells to Prepare
Spells can be more effective at gathering relevant information. These include:

• Arcane eye, clairvoyance, scrying. Can be used to

spy on the Titan before attacking it. This allows the
heroes to see what powers the titan can use.
• Divination, contact other plane, commune. Allows
heroes to get advice on how to defeat the Titans. This
includes a titan’s weaknesses, notable attributes and
any useful religious magical artifacts.
• Locate creature. Allows heroes to pinpoint exactly
where the Titan is located.
• Legend lore. Reveals useful magical artifacts that can
be used against the Titan. Also provides information
on some of the Titan's notable attributes.
• Find the path. Reveals the exact location of useful
magical artifacts.

THE TARRASQUE

The tarrasque is a mindless engine of destruction. The
heroes will discover it laying waste to its chosen city, one
block at a time.


Planning to defeat the Titans
The heroes must use all of their powers and skills to
defeat the Titans. Just rushing in and battling each
creature will likely result in the death of the heroes
and the destruction of Thylea. The heroes should use
their magic, their skills, and their connections to learn
everything they can about each of the Titans.
Using Skills to Prepare
• Arcana. Allows the heroes to discover magical lore
that is pertinent to defeating a Titan. This includes
useful spells that could be used to defeat it.
• History. Allows the heroes to discover historical lore
that is pertinent to defeating a Titan. This includes
learning about the titan’s history which might include
clues to its weaknesses.
• Investigation. The party can search the libraries of
Aresia, Mytros, or Estoria to learn about a Titan's significant weaknesses or religious magical artifacts.
• Nature. The party can call upon druids to determine
some of a Titan's notable attributes.
• Religion. Allows heroes to discover religious lore
that is pertinent to defeating a Titan. This includes
information on religious magical artifacts that might
be useful in defeating the Titan.

296

Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis



An enormous armor-plated lizard—the tarrasque—is
literally devouring the city. The unfathomable size
of the massive beast boggles the mind. Its shadow
cloaks entire neighborhoods of the city in darkness as
it rampages. Its enormous claws tear down buildings
with ease, and its gaping, hooked jaws swallow entire
families whole with each bite.
The screams of the terrified people in its path are
drowned out by the great bellows of the beast and the
thunder of its echoing footfalls as it levels the city in an
unbridled feeding frenzy.


Defeating the Tarrasque
Weaknesses
• It is an earthbound creature and cannot fly or use any
kind of ranged attack.
Notable Attributes
• It perceives creatures without the need for eyesight.
• Its carapace can reflect magical attacks back upon a
spell caster.
Immunities
• It is immune to fear, and its mind cannot be influenced by magic.
• It is immune to fire and poison damage.
Useful Religious Artifact
• The famed wizard Damon studied the legendary
Nether Titans for decades. His tome of research
includes a spell scroll for reverse gravity and maze.



Location of Artifact
• Damon’s Tome is located in the Tomb of Isadore at the
Necropolis of Telamok. The heroes may find themselves fighting a lich if they aren’t careful.
Useful Spells
• The maze spell can trap the Titan for a limited time. The
reverse gravity spell can temporarily incapacitate it.

Reinforcements
It may happen that the tarrasque is too easy of a foe for
a well-prepared group of heroes, especially if many of
those heroes are mounted on dragons. In this case, consider adding a surprise in the midst of the battle.


THE KRAKEN

The Kraken can attack any of the cities of Thylea. It can
swim up rivers and crawl across the ground to reach
cities that are far from the coast. Of the four Nether
Titans, the Kraken is the only one that was not freed
from the Nether Sea, as it had already freed itself centuries ago. It saw this opportunity to devastate Thylea and
seized it. The Kraken is the most intelligent of the Titans
and will not throw its life away if at all possible.




A cacophony of screeches and screams rains down from
the sky. Looking up you see a swarm of chimera burst
from the cover of the clouds and plunge towards you: a
terrifying flock of scavengers following in the tarrasque’s
wake, feeding on the scraps it leaves behind.


The chimera (one per hero) have followed the tarrasque, feeding on the carcasses that it leaves in its
wake. They have come to defend the Titan, which they
have come to worship as a food-giving god.



A wall of water rises up from the ocean and crashes
into the city’s port, sweeping away the ships and sailors
unlucky enough to be caught in its path. Seconds later,
a massive tentacle emerges from the water and lashes
out to pluck a screaming victim from the street. His
cries are cut short as the writhing appendage instantly
crushes him to pulp.
A dozen more flailing tentacles appear from the
water, snatching up helpless victims and dragging them
into the depths. Another massive wave smashes onto
the shore as the Kraken raises its enormous body from
the sea. It tilts back its head and opens its giant maw
to let loose a deafening, bloodthirsty scream.







Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis

297

Defeating the Kraken
Weaknesses
• The most intelligent of the Nether Titans is also
the one most susceptible to attacks on its mind: the
Kraken is not immune to charm magic.

THE NETHER DRAGON

The Nether Dragon is a dragon with iridescent black
scales that breathes fire. It is an ancient red dragon
with the shadow dragon template. The Nether Dragon
only comes out to attack during the night.


Notable Attributes
• It can see through any illusion.
• It can call down a lightning storm upon its victims.

Thunder echoes down from the night sky, and dark
clouds roll in to cover the moon. A strong wind whips
across the rooftops, cold and biting. Suddenly a
shadow drops out of the sky; in the torchlight it is just
possible to make out a winged monstrosity with a long,
reptilian neck swooping down.
The dragon roars, then opens its jaws and unleashes
a blast of fire upon the buildings. The dark night
explodes with bright orange flames. Wood, stone and
metal are instantly consumed; anyone caught in the
inferno is incinerated before they can even scream.
Shouts and shrieks rise up from every quarter of the
city as the fire quickly spreads. People panic and run
for cover as the dragon wheels around then dives in for
another aerial assault...

Immunities
• It is immune to fear.
• Lightning does not harm it at all.
Useful Religious Artifact
• A talisman of pure good was forged by the god Volkan
during the First War. It would be a powerful item to
use against the Kraken.
Location of Artifact
• The last Dragonlord to possess the talisman was an
oathbreaker. His body, and the talisman, can be found
on the Island of the Oathbreakers in the Nether Sea.
The erinyes won’t allow the heroes to take it without
a fight.
Useful Spells
• The symbol of hopelessness spell can trigger despair in
the powerful mind of the Kraken.

Reinforcements
The Kraken has not come alone. With it are two
nycaloth and twelve mezzoloth. These creatures will
come to the Kraken’s aid a few rounds into the battle.
Increasing the Challenge
In order to make Thylea’s kraken a more challenging
encounter, consider giving it this ability:
Legendary Resistance (3/Day): If the Kraken fails a
saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.

We have long known about the Kraken, and we've had
rumors of the Tarrasque, but these other creatures are
entirely unknown to us. The Nether Dragon seems to
be some demon out of Hades, whereas the Behemoth
can only have been created from the primordial chaos
at the dawn of time.
— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

298

Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis







Defeating the Nether Dragon
Weaknesses
• Sunlight disadvantages it.
• It is not immune to charm magic.
Notable Attributes
• It perceives creatures without the need for eyesight.
• It is almost impossible to sneak up on an ancient dragon.
• Those killed by its breath rise up as shadows of the
nether world.
Immunities
• It is immune to fire and necrotic damage.
Useful Religious Artifact
• Centuries ago, the wizard Damon discovered that
someone brought a legendary dragon orb to Thylea.
Location of Artifact
• The dragon orb can be found in the lair of the Kraken,
deep beneath the ocean, near the Island of the Dragon.
Useful Spells
• The daylight spell.
• The symbol of insanity spell can prevent it from taking
actions.

Reinforcements
If you want to make this battle more difficult, the Nether
Dragon can be leading a dragon flight that includes four
young black dragons and two young red dragons.

THE BEHEMOTH

Villains with High Level Spells

The Behemoth is perhaps the most dangerous of the
Nether Titans. It threatens the City of Mytros.


It is good to remember that high level villains often have
the same or even more powerful magic than the heroes
do. A villain might be able to use legend lore to determine
the weaknesses of the heroes, then scrying to find out
where they are and finally teleport to attack with surprise.



Even the largest buildings are dwarfed by the massive beast laying waste to the helpless city. Part
dragon, part giant—yet much larger than either—the
Behemoth smashes homes under its claws and obliterates entire city blocks with its tail. Most terrifying of
all, however, is when it opens its enormous mouth and
unleashes a blast of primordial energy that instantly
disintegrates any material it touches.
Anyone caught in the monster’s path is doomed,
with scores of lives snuffed out instantly. Those caught
in its path turn and run screaming in terror, or stand
slack-jawed and motionless, their minds broken from
the horror of what they have witnessed.
Entire districts are already in ruins; nothing
remains but rubble and corpses. And it won’t be long
before the insatiable Behemoth reduces the entire
city to dust.


Strike 1: Daemonic Horde
When the heroes defeat the first of the Nether Titans,
Lutheria will send her daemonic allies to attack them.
While this will hint to the heroes that someone is
behind the release of the Nether Titans, Lutheria can’t
help herself; she wants to taunt the heroes.
An ultroloth and arcanaloth will lead a strike force
that includes one nycaloth and one mezzoloth for
each hero. The arcanaloth will use divination magic to
discover the location of the heroes and then use teleport
to appear right in the midst of the party.




Defeating the Behemoth
Weaknesses
• The Behemoth is vulnerable to all types of damage.
Notable Attributes
• The Behemoth can breathe energy across great distances.
Immunities
• It is immune to fear and its mind cannot be influenced
by magic.
Useful Religious Artifact
• The famed wizard Damon studied the legendary
Nether Titans for decades. His tome of research
includes a spell scroll for reverse gravity and maze.
Location of Artifact
• Damon’s tome is located in the Tomb of Isadore at the
Necropolis of Telamok. The heroes may find themselves fighting a lich if they aren’t careful.
Useful Spells
• A maze spell can easily trap the Titan for a limited time.

THE VILLAINS STRIKE!

As the heroes are actively trying to solve these
world-shattering threats, the villains will strike out
against them, forcing them to react. These attacks show
the heroes that there is a power responsible for unleashing the Nether Titans upon the world.



There is a sudden burst of noise; the wretched sound
of reality itself being ripped apart. The awful sound
is followed by a burst of darkness that momentarily
envelops everything around you.
When the darkness disperses an instant later, you
find a horde of demonic creatures standing before you:
man-sized beetles standing on their hind legs; brutish
winged trolls with long, deadly horns; a green-skinned
humanoid with a smooth, amphibian-like skull; and
what appears to be a human with a jackal’s head.
The jackal-headed demon steps forward, grinning so
you can see its fangs. “My master is impressed. She did
not think mere mortals could defeat any of the Nether
Titans. It seems she has underestimated you... though I
did warn her this could happen.”




The yugoloth will all fight to the death.

Strike 2: Lutheria
When the heroes defeat the second Nether Titan,
Lutheria decides that she must make an appearance so
that the heroes know that she is responsible for their
woes. She summons one of the naiad of the Oldwoods
and has her use her divination magic to show Lutheria
exactly where the heroes are located and what they are
doing. She gathers a band of her servants, including
twelve maenad and twelve goatlings. Lutheria uses her
animal shapes spell to transform her servants into giant
scorpions. They approach the heroes at night using
stealth (augmented by pass without trace).

Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis

299

300

Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis







From the shadows you hear a loud series of sharp clicks
and hisses. Seconds later, dozens of giant scorpions
crawl into view... followed by the Mistress of Death.
A cruel smile creeps across Lutheria’s lips as she casts
her gaze upon you. “You tried to kill death itself. But
I am eternal. Like the darkness of night, I shall always
return. Now, I am stronger than ever... and you must
pay for your transgressions!”




Lutheria's servants fight to the death, but she herself
teleports away to safety once she's reduced to half of her
hit points. You may also choose to have her resurrect
Chondrus as an undead mage to join the battle.

Strike 3: The Empyreans
When the heroes defeat the third Nether Titan, Lutheria
convinces the Empyreans that it is time for them to
make their move. The Empyreans send three of their
number to wipe out the heroes: the Sky Father, the
Great Hunter, and the Moon Maiden. You may choose
others instead of these three, but the Sky Father and the
Sun Goddess should survive.



A bright light suddenly appears in the sky, and three
divine figures slowly descend from above: the Great
Hunter, the Moon Maiden, and the Sky Father.
The three Empyreans settle on the ground, towering
over you. The Sky Father steps forward, while the other
two stand behind him. You notice they seem tense;
poised and ready as if expecting trouble.
“Brave heroes of Thylea, you have defeated the
Nether Titans. Truly we chose our champions well.”
The Sky Father tilts his head in your direction in a
subtle nod of gratitude and acknowledgement. But a
second later his demeanor takes a sudden, dark turn...
“Your part in the story is now done. With the Nether
Titans defeated, it is time for us to claim our place as
the New Pantheon of Thylea... and time for you to
become martyrs to our glorious cause!”




If possible, the Empyreans will trigger any divine gifts
that they gave to the heroes, transforming them into the
cursed versions. The Empyreans fight until one of them
falls in battle. At this point, they will retreat to rejoin the
rest of the pantheon in The Empyrean Palace.

The Final Confrontation
Once the Nether Titans have been defeated, the heroes
must move against the villains who orchestrated the
Apokalypsis. They can move against the villains earlier
if they want to, but this might cause their cities to suffer
additional destruction.
The heroes can use divination magic to learn who is
behind the Apokalypsis and where they are located. They
will discover that Lutheria and the Empyreans have constructed a new palace on the tallest mountain in Thylea.
They can also use divination spells to gather information on the strengths and weaknesses of their enemies.
Using the spell legend lore reveals the names and religious
domains of each of the Empyreans. This can also be accomplished with a successful DC 20 Wisdom (Religion) check.

Defeating the Empyreans
Weaknesses
• Charm magic is effective.
Notable Attributes
• Empyreans can see through all illusions.
Immunities
• Empyreans can only be damaged with magical weapons.
Useful Spells
• A feeblemind spell can shatter even the powerful mind
of an Empyrean.

THE EMPYREAN PALACE

The palace is constructed from marble and granite,
and it has been decorated with countless statues of the
Empyreans. The statues are painted so that they are
remarkably lifelike in appearance.

General Features
All of the ceilings in the palace are 30 ft. in height. The
massive double doors are forged from adamantine and
are each 10 ft. wide and 25 ft. high.
The palace has been protected with powerful spells.
All of the spells have been cast at 9th level, and they
require a DC 19 dispel magic to negate. The spells
include the following:

• Private Sanctum makes the interior of the lair itself

immune to divination of any sort. It also makes it
impossible for creatures to teleport in or out.
• Forbiddance protects against teleportation, ethereal
or astral creatures, and celestials, elementals, fey,
fiends, and undead.
• Symbol has been used to create traps throughout the
palace. All of the symbol spells will trigger if someone other than an empyrean, Lutheria, or the Kraken
approaches within 10 feet of it. The saving throw for
the symbol spells is DC 23.

Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis

301

Inhabitants
All of the surviving Empyreans are at the palace.

• The Sun Goddess (elder empyrean)
• The Sky King (elder empyrean)
• The Lord of Ghosts (elder empyrean)
• The Great Hunter (young empyrean)
• The Moon Maiden (young empyrean)
• The Fire King (young empyrean)
• The Fish Queen (young empyrean)
• The Vile Trickster (young empyrean)
Mistress of Death. Lutheria wanders the depths of the
palace, cackling to herself. The Empyreans avoid her, for
even though she has been a useful ally, they still remember how she tricked them millennia ago.
The Kraken. If the Kraken survived its battle with
the heroes, then it might also be at the palace. Its alien
nature makes it unappealing to everyone except for the
Fish Queen. She has befriended the creature.

Rooms in the Palace
Throne Room
This is where the Empyreans gather to debate issues.
Much like Sydon’s throne room in Praxys, a huge map of
Thylea dominates the center of the room.
Symbol Traps: Throne Room
The doors leading into the throne room are each
enchanted with a symbol of stunning that triggers when the
door is opened. The map of Thylea has a symbol of discord.

The Gardens
These gardens are more beautiful than any in Thylea.
Birds and beasts of all kinds can be found in the gardens.
Empyrean Bedrooms
Each of the Empyreans has their own luxurious bedroom. The walls are painted with gold and platinum.
The sheets are the finest silk.

Vineyards
The vineyards are lined with the lushest grape vines in
the world. Nymphs of all kinds walk through the vineyards, collecting the choicest grapes on golden trays to
be served to the Empyreans.
Pleasure Chambers
This is where the Empyreans come to play. There are
fountains of wine and tables filled with finely-cooked
meats. Keledones provide music.
Empyrean Pool
An enormous pool the size of a small lake fills this
chamber. The sides of the pool are mother of pearl and
the water depth is 100 feet. Beautiful fish, sharks, and
dolphins swim together in the water.
Empyrean Forge
A massive forge dominates this room. Giant-sized weapons and armor line the walls.
The Pit of Death
This pit descends a mile into darkness before opening up into the roof of the Nether Sea. There are two
thrones in the room: one is made from human bones,
and the other is made from writhing shadows.
Symbol Traps: The Pit
The doors leading into this chamber have symbols of
death inscribed upon them. The floor surrounding the
two thrones is inscribed with a symbol of insanity.

Preparedness
The setup of the palace depends on whether or not the
heroes catch the Empyreans by surprise. If surprised, the
Empyreans will converge on the Throne Room. The Lord
of Ghosts waits for the heroes in The Pit of Death. Several
erinyes may emerge from the Pit to aid him in a battle.
Lutheria will not engage the heroes in battle. She is
preoccupied preparing her “final joke.”

Situation in the Empyrean Palace

302

Rooms

Surprised

Prepared

Throne Room

The Sun Goddess and the Sky Father angrily debate who leads
the pantheon.

All of the Empyreans but the Lord
of Ghosts are gathered here.

The Gardens

The Great Hunter stalks the garden seeking prey.

—

Empyrean Bedrooms —

—

Vineyards

—

—

Pleasure Chambers

The Vile Trickster and the Moon Maiden enjoy themselves.

—

Empyrean Pool

The Fish Queen sits on the edge of the pool as the Kraken
swims in the depths.

The Kraken remains here and assists
the Fish Queen.

Empyrean Forge

The Fire King works at the forge.

—

The Pit of Death

Lutheria is here, feeding the insanity of the Lord of Ghosts.

The Lord of Ghosts is here alone.
Lutheria wanders the palace.

Ch apter 12 | Apok aly psis

BATTLE FOR GODHOOD

Lutheria's Final Joke

The stakes of this final battle are clear: who will take on
the mantle of the new pantheon? The victors will rule all
the lands of Thylea from the Empyrean Palace.




The Empyreans stand in a half-circle around the throne
room. Each is clad in a blinding aura of light, radiant
mithral armor, and priceless gemstones. They tower
over you, and their eyes burn with ancient power.
“You have shown yourselves to be worthy foes. But
Thylea has no more need of Dragonlords. We offer you
one final chance—submit to us as your new gods, or
we will have no choice but to destroy you.”




The Empyreans fight to the death, since they are
supremely confident of victory. However, they are not
true gods yet—they are still waiting for Lutheria to fulfill
a sacred oath that she swore to them.
Lutheria's Oath. In anticipation of this battle,
Lutheria swore an oath to use the theogenesis spell to
transform the Empyreans into true gods. As the battle
turns against the Empyreans, they shout out to Lutheria
to cast the spell and fulfill her part of the oath. But even
as they grow desperate, she refuses to comply.
Sphere of Annihilation. Lutheria has conjured a
sentient sphere of annihilation and dotes on it like a pet.
The sphere is 1 ft. in diameter and follows her around.

Lutheria set the Apokalypsis in motion and convinced
the Empyreans to take advantage of the chaos, but she
never truly intended to allow them to become gods. Her
plan is much more sinister.
Lutheria intends to transform her sphere of annihilation into an all-consuming god of oblivion. This new
god will tear a hole in the fabric of reality, swallowing everything—the entire world of Thylea, gods and
mortals alike. Each time one of the Empyreans falls in
combat, she harvests their soul, and her pet sphere of
annihilation doubles in size.
Preventing Oblivion. In order to create the
god, Lutheria needs to collect the souls of all eight
Empyreans. She watches the battle from the sidelines,
laughing at the Empyreans as they fall in combat. She
does not attack the heroes—in fact, she cheers them on,
and she may even join in the battle to help them.
The only way to prevent Lutheria's plan from succeeding is to spare at least one of the Empyreans from
death. When there are only 2-3 Empyreans remaining,
they realize this and beg the heroes for mercy.
Final Resolution. When the battle is finished, the
Furies arrive and pronounce judgment on Lutheria: she
has broken her oath to the Empyreans, violating the
most fundamental rule of godhood. As she slowly dissolves away into nothingness, Lutheria laughs uncontrollably at the irony of it all. The surviving Empyreans
swear eternal fealty to the heroes.

Epilogue
THE DRAGONLORDS

If the heroes are victorious, then they are immortalized as
the saviors of all the lands of Thylea, and the Dragonlords
are remembered forever as the heralds of a new age for
mortals and gods alike.
This is an appropriate place for your players to retire
their heroes and create fresh characters, so that they can
take on more mundane challenges once again. When
future campaigns take place in Thylea, the heroes from
this campaign might be the venerable, beleaguered kings
and queens who send young adventurers on quests.

THE NEW PANTHEON

It's also possible that the heroes have fulfilled all the
necessary prerequisites to become gods, according to
the rules laid out in the Divine Path appendix.
In this case, ask each of your players to write up an
appropriate epilogue for their personal ascension to
godhood. Future campaigns in Thylea should make
use of this new pantheon of gods. If the heroes were
natives of Thylea, then they might send future adventurers on quests to explore the world beyond the
Forgotten Land.

The legend of the new Dragonlords will go down in history as perhaps the greatest ever told. From the deaths of gods
and dragons to the birth of new pantheons, these heroes have risen to the demands of Fate and surmounted obstacles
that no mortal should ever be forced to confront. This is the dawn of a new era... perhaps not one of long-lasting
peace, but a time when the gods are no longer at war with one another. At last, we are free to forge our own fates.
—Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine
303

Appendix A: Creating Heroes
This section includes guidance for creating hero characters for Odyssey of the Dragonlords.
The first thing you should decide is where your hero is
from. Heroes who hail from Thylea will have a stake in
her future—but outsiders may choose to quest only for
some means to escape these shores.
Player characters can be natives born in Thylea,
or outsiders from overseas. Native characters should
follow the guidelines below. Outsiders are those recently
washed ashore from an ill-fated voyage across the great
ocean, and can be of any race or class that exists in the
world from whence they came.

THYLEAN NATIVES

Dwarves, elves, gnomes and halflings are all descended
from the original settlers or an outsider who arrived
during the last five centuries. Half-elves are descended
from a union between a native elf and native human.
Since there are no orcs on Thylea, all half-orcs come
from a small community in Mytros that has existed since
its founding. Tieflings can come from a union between a
mortal spellcaster and a fiend. A dragonborn is someone who has the blood of the original bronze dragons
in their veins. The children of the dragons usually take
on the characteristics of the race of their mortal parent,
but sometimes they are born with a strong tie to their
draconic ancestors.

Thylean Names
Names in Thylea have a Greek flavor to them. This
applies to both humans and non-human races. However,
it is fine for players to choose names that follow a more
traditional fantasy adventuring flavor or use something
completely different: all of the native races are only a few
centuries removed from their original homelands.
Male Names: Adonis, Adrian, Basil, Belen, Bemus,
Calix, Claus, Corban, Cy, Damen, Darius, Demitrius,
Deo, Dru, Egan, Estevan, Evan, Faustus, Giles,
Gregory, Griffin, Isidore, Jace, Jorges, Julian, Kal,
Karan, Keelan, Kyril, Lander, Layland, Leo, Magus,
Mateo, Neo, Nicholas, Nicos, Odell, Orelius, Orrin,
Pancras, Pearce, Philip, Quinn, Rastus, Sander, Santos,
Sirius, Spiro, Stavros, Tadd, Tassos, Theo, Timon,
Tyrone, Vitalis, and Xander.
Female Names: Adara, Adrianna, Aegea, Aria, Ava,
Bryony, Cadie, Calista, Calla, Cara, Cleo, Dalia, Daria,
Demi, Desa, Diana, Dora, Echo, Electra, Falana, Finn,
Galena, Gemina, Halia, Hatria, Hester, Idylla, Iliana,
Ina, Irene, Iria, Jacinda, Jenesis, Justina, Kaia, Kat,
Kiersten, Lacie, Layna, Leah, Lyssa, Madelia, Mariam,
Maya, Melani, Nara, Nora, Orelle, Pamela, Penelope,
Petra, Rhoda, Seema, Selena, and Tabatha.

304

Appendix A | Cr e ating Heroes

THYLEAN OUTSIDERS

Outsiders may lead difficult lives in Thylea. They often
start their careers in the Forgotten Land with very
little—for example, basic gear that they managed to
cling to after a shipwreck. As in many societies, this
visible poverty makes them objects of suspicion for
the natives: who are these strangers, and what are they
about to steal? Members of races that are rare in Thylea
will face inevitable suspicion. In extreme cases, they
will need to persuade the natives that they are not some
monster sent as punishment by the gods.
Provided that outsiders don’t run amok, the natives
are likely to treat them with a degree of kindness:
the rules of guest friendship apply even to those who
wash ashore from shipwrecks. However, it’s easy for a
stranger to run afoul of the conventions of Thylea—
those of guest friendship in particular. For an outsider,
it can be difficult to grasp the idea of being both the
mortal enemy of “savage centaurs” and also a guest in
a centaur camp. Worse yet, no one will explain that
they will once again be fair game when they leave the
camp on the next morning. This absolute standard
of hos­pitality can be mistaken for weakness—a fatal
error. Outsiders who abuse guest status will soon find
everyone’s hand raised against them and curses raining
down upon them.
All Thylean natives understand the importance of
oaths and the rules of civilized oath-taking. Because
this is widely-understood (and therefore blindingly
obvious), no one bothers to explain it. Outsiders may
foolishly swear an oath, thinking that they are merely
making a promise. In actuality, they are submitting to
a solemn and binding vow. In this world, a hero’s word
means something—it has real weight. Outsiders who
learn this lesson quickly will survive and thrive. Those
who fail to do so will find themselves at the mercy of
the Furies.
The gods of Thylea can also be unforgiving.
Disrespecting or doubting divine power will provoke
native superstition. Rightly so—for persistent doubt
could well bring down the wrath of the gods. Openly
practicing an outsider religion will also make natives
uncomfortable. Denying the validity of Thylean religions will make their devotees fearful of divine anger.
Being stupid enough to rob or desecrate a Thylean
temple will infuri­ate both the gods and their native
worshippers. Where the gods are concerned, caution is
always preferred.
But provided that outsiders obey the rules of civilized behavior, mind their manners, and do not make
rash statements or promises, they can make something
of their lives in Thylea—and even thrive.

THYLEAN BACKSTORIES

Use this section for inspiration to determine your hero’s
personal history.

Barbarian—Tribal Warrior
You come from the barbarian tribes on the margins
of civilization. These tribes are made up of outsiders
who occasionally washed up on the shores of Thylea
in the centuries before the coming of the Dragonlords.
Originally of all races and nationalities, your people
fought on the side of the natives in the First War. Thus,
you are treated with distrust by the civilized races.

Bard—Satyr Minstrel
You are a wandering satyr minstrel, traveling across
Thylea and sharing your music with whoever is willing
to listen or play with you. You perform in the smoky
taverns of human towns, and also in forest glades, for
nymphs and other fey creatures.

Bard—Student of the Academy
You are a student from the Academy in the city of Mytros.
You learned from the masters there and have devoted
yourself to knowledge, philosophy, beauty, and music.

Cleric—Priest of a Distant God
You worship one of the gods of the world from outside
of Thylea. The worship of this god was kept alive for
generations within your family. Most view your veneration of an outside god with amusement, but there are
those who think such worship should be stamped out.

Cleric—Priest of the Five Gods
You worship the Five. You, and others like you, keep the
faith alive by performing miracles and drawing upon
the power of the Five. You are devoted to resisting the
creeping influence of the Titans, Sydon and Lutheria.

Druid—Keeper of the Oldwood
You are a member of the druidic order of the Oldwood.
You are in tune with the mother goddess herself. You
serve as an intermediary between the settlers and the
native races of Thylea—satyrs, centaurs, and nymphs.

Druid—Centaur Mystic
You are a centaur who believes that all races of Thylea
can co-exist peacefully. You travel the human cities,
spreading the faith of the mother goddess. It is a difficult
life, as you are often confronted with fear and hatred.

Monk—Aresian Warrior
You are a member of an ascetic sect of warriors who hail
from the kingdom of Aresia. Aresians are considered the
most dangerous warriors in all of Thylea, and you are
proud of this reputation.

Paladin—Knight of the Five Gods
You are one of the knights sworn to serve and protect
the Five Gods. You were trained at the Temple of the
Five in Mytros, and you are fiercely loyal to Queen
Vallus, the goddess of wisdom.

Ranger—Amazon Warrior
You are an Amazon from the island of Themis. You
left the island when it was taken over by a death cult
thirteen years ago. You are unfamiliar with the ways of
men, simply because you have known very few of them.

Ranger—Oldwood Tracker
You might belong to the druidic order of the Oldwood
but, whether this is the case or not, you often work for
one of the Thylean kings as a scout.

Rogue—Thief of Mytros
You can have one of many origins: perhaps you are
an outlaw who used to work with the thieves’ guild
in Mytros; perhaps you recently quit a bandit gang or
pirate crew; you might be a spy for one of the kings; or
perhaps you grew up on the streets and are a self-taught
practitioner of the light-fingered arts.

Sorcerer—Descendant of the Gods
One of your ancestors was a god, and their power has
manifested in your blood as an innate aptitude for magic.

Sorcerer—Exiled Satyr
You are a satyr who was born with the gift of magic
in your blood. Ostracized from your own people and
driven from home, you left the fey lands to live amongst
the civilized folk.

Warlock—Priest of Lutheria
You once served as a priest of Lutheria. After leaving her
service, you swore a pact with one of the dark powers
that lurks in the Nether Sea.

Warlock—Servant of the Fates
You are a servant of the three ancient witches who dwell
on the Island of the Fates.

Fighter—Warrior of Mytros

Wizard—Academy Philosopher

You can come from almost any background: a warrior
in the service of one of the kings, a retired veteran, or a
member of the Mytros city guard. Whatever your station, by all the gods, you know how to fight.

You learned magic at the Academy in Mytros. After
finishing your studies, you may have stayed at the
Academy as a teacher—or perhaps you wandered
abroad, seeking new magic.
Appendix A | Cr e ating Heroes

305

BRONZE WEAPONS
AND ARMOR

Because of Thylea’s lack of iron deposits, nearly all the
native weapons and armor are forged from bronze, an
alloy of copper and tin. In Thylea, bronze weapons are
just as effective as their iron and steel counterparts.
This is because the blacksmiths of Thylea have devised
techniques to strengthen the bronze during the casting
process. These techniques are closely-guarded secrets,
which are passed down from master to apprentice.
Legend holds that they were originally taught to the
smiths of Estoria by the forge-god, Volkan.

Thylean Weapons
Warriors in Thylea typically use spears, shields, and
swords. There are exceptions, of course, but the armies
of Mytros and Aresia train thousands of soldiers in the
use of these simple armaments. Heavier weapons, such
as halberds and greataxes, are thought to be barbaric.
Ranged weapons are typically limited to javelins,
slings, longbows, and shortbows, although there are
some who have adopted the use of complex recent
inventions, such as crossbows. These weapons are engineered in small quantities by the Academy and are not
widely available.
Thylea boasts a handful of unique cultural weapons,
which can be found at just about any blacksmith or
adventuring shop. With the exception of the chakram,
they function identically to their normal counterparts
(unless they are magical).

• Kopis. This forward-curving shortsword is heavier

along the end of the blade. This gives it significantly
more cutting power than a typical shortsword, allowing it to be used like an axe.
• Chakram. This bladed circular disc is an unusual
thrown weapon. It glides through the air, slicing
through anything in its path. Warriors who specialize
with the chakram can learn to throw it in such a way
that it returns to them after cutting the enemy.

306

Appendix A | Cr e ating Heroes

• Dorata. Dorata are spears (singular dory) carved

from the wood of the ash tree. Warriors typically
carry two dorata, in the event that one is thrown or
destroyed.
• Makhaira. This longsword has a single curved blade
with a flat edge along the top. It is heavier than most
longswords, making it more effective when used by
mounted combatants.
• Xiphos. This double-edged shortsword is very
common among rank-and-file soldiers. Xiphos have
straight, leaf-shaped blades, which are excellent for
thrusting and piercing.

FAME

When heroes perform great deeds in this story, they are
rewarded with fame. All great heroes seek to increase
their fame. Fame ensures that your name will live
through history in the form of songs and legends. It is
the surest path to immortality.
Swearing an Oath of Fellowship ensures that the entire
party shares the fame from their accomplishments. An
entire pantheon of gods might be born from a party that
maintains such an oath.

EPIC PATHS

Epic paths are an optional addition to character creation. One of the recurring themes of ancient Greek
myths is that many heroes are “born of the gods.” Epic
paths are designed to give players mythic archetypes for
their heroes, so that they feel like divinely touched figures, such as Hercules, Achilles, Odysseus or Theseus.
Each player should choose one of the epic paths
described in this section. This will determine their hero’s
mythic context within the land of Thylea and influence
relationships with her gods and people. Epic paths are
different from standard backgrounds in that they are
specific to this setting. They unlock new aspects of the
adventure, including special relationships with story
characters and access to specific magic items.
Players should choose a standard background in addition to their epic path. This will provide them with skills,
tool proficiencies, languages and starting equipment. The
flavor of the standard background should be enhanced or
replaced by the description provided by the epic path.
Every epic path has a set of goals. While these goals
are personal to each hero, they are supplementary to
the overall goals of the adventure. When a hero accomplishes their goals, they become blessed by the gods.
Each epic path has a different divine blessing that is
granted upon completion of its goals.
There are also magic items listed under the goals for
each of the epic paths. Some items may be located in
distant parts of Thylea and must be found before they
can be used. Other items may be forged or built, and
a hero must discover how to build the item, find the

Table of Fame Rewards
Fame
Points

Perks and Effects

1

Your name is known in the taverns local to the
region where you performed your first great
deeds.

2

Local tavern patrons treat you to free drinks
and challenge you to arm wrestle, so that they
can brag to their friends.

3

Several songs have been composed about your
exploits. Most of them are satirical in nature,
embellishing your exploits for comic effect.

4

When you visit smaller settlements, the locals
greet you with food, wine, and gifts. When
you visit a smaller settlement, roll once on the
trinkets table to determine the gift that you
received.

5

Smaller settlements throughout the countryside now hold festivals to celebrate your name.
You have free lodging in smaller settlements,
and you have advantage on Persuasion checks
during festivals.

6

Tales of your great deeds have spread to the
cities, and your presence draws many curious
onlookers. You have free food, drink, and lodgings in Estoria and Mytros.

7

Bards now frequently approach you, asking to
tell the “real” story of your exploits. Choose
one deed that you’ve performed. When songs
are sung about you, they focus on this particular deed.

8

You are lionized as the tragic hero of dramatic
plays that are regularly performed in the
amphitheaters of Estoria and Mytros. When
you attend such a play, the audience demands
that you stand and bow for several rounds of
applause afterwards.

9

When you bow for the audience at the end of a
play, you are showered with d100 silver coins.
If you take the stage and act out the drama
yourself, then the audience also showers you
with d20 gold coins.

10

Your presence draws so much business that
taverns everywhere compete to offer you free
food, drink, and lodging. You never pay for
these things, unless you travel in disguise.

Fame
Points

Perks and Effects

11

You are often recognized in large crowds of
people. If you move through a crowded area
without moving stealthily, there is a 25%
chance that you will be mobbed by admirers for
1 hour.

12

Idealized statues of you have been placed in the
public squares of Mytros and Estoria. Visitors
leave fruits, flowers, fragrant oils, and other
trinkets at the feet of your statue each day.

13

Once per day, when you make a public appearance in Mytros or Estoria, you receive a small
magic item as a gift. Roll on a lesser magic item
table (potions, spell scrolls, etc.) to determine
your gift.

14

At this level of fame, the mortal world has
placed you on a pedestal. You dread disappointing your fans. Backing down from any sort of
challenge or quest may cause you to lose up to
6 points of fame.

15

Three shrines have been constructed in locations of your choice across Thylea. Each is
dedicated to your name. Each shrine is tended
by a faithful priest, as well as a bard who sings
of your exploits.

16

Each of your shrines now features a golden
statue of you seated upon a throne, guarded
by seven cultists. When you are near one of
your shrines, you may summon the cultists to
your side.

17

Your shrines are now thronged by pilgrims who
bring all manner of offerings to lay at the feet
of your statue. Each shrine earns you 50 gold
coins per day, which you can collect from one
of your priests.

18

The largest of your shrines is now a temple.
It is tended by seven priests and seventy
acolytes. It earns you 500 gold coins per day.
When you visit your temple, you gain one
charm of your choice.

19

Rival gods now plot against you, sending
terrifying creatures to destroy you before your
fame can overshadow theirs. Until you prove
that you deserve true immortality, you get very
little sleep.

20

Your name is now etched into the fabric of the
multiverse, granting you something akin to
immortality. With the proper rituals, you could
even ascend to godhood.

Appendix A | Cr e ating Heroes

307

necessary components, and then find a forge where the
work can be done. Heroes often have a choice between
several magical items.
In addition to linking each hero to the divine powers
of Thylea, epic paths are intended to help tie the heroes
to the story in a powerful way. When you think of the
greatest fantasy epics, the heroes always have strong ties
to the story—special relationships with kings, queens,
villains, and gods. The heroes of these stories are important for reasons that go much deeper than the powers
and the items they wield.
Epic paths should not diminish player agency. Players
are free to pursue the story hooks presented in each
path in any way that the GM deems appropriate. They
are also free to modify an epic path with the agreement
of the GM. The GM should take care when modifying
the magic items, however, as the adventure is balanced
with these specific items in mind.
Monstrous Races
Satyrs, centaurs, minotaurs, medusae, and sirens are
considered to be monstrous races. They have unique
heritages that require slight changes to each epic path.
Check the call-out boxes below each epic path for details.

The Cursed One
You come from a great family or tribe that has been
cursed for centuries, owing to the actions of one of your
distant ancestors, who angered the Titans. Whatever
the nature of your curse, the stigma has haunted you for
all your life. Wherever you go, you are shunned by the
ignorant and the superstitious. As a result, you have felt
like an outsider for all your life. You know that as long as
you remain cursed, you will be incapable of living a full
life. Moreover, you are not sure that your family or your
tribe will survive for another generation unless you find
a way to lift the curse.
For players who love: Cadmus, Atreus (Greek Tragedies)
Restrictions: None.
Adventure Hook: The Oracle reveals that she knows
who can end the curse.
Heroic Tasks
• To end your family’s curse.
• To find a family artifact that is key to ending the
curse. Pick one lesser and one greater magic item
from this list:
››(Lesser) Gem of Brightness: only you can attune.
››(Greater) Staff of Fire: can be any melee weapon.
››(Greater) Belt of Fire Giant Strength: this belt also
grants resistance to fire.
› ›(Greater) Efreeti Bottle: only you can attune.

308

Appendix A | Cr e ating Heroes

Divine Blessing
Blessing of the Gods. You and your direct family are
immune to curses, diseases, and the poisoned condition.
Monstrous Races: Cursed One
Monstrous races are especially compatible with this epic
path, since many of them have been subjected to curses.

The Demi-God
You are a mortal child of Pythor, the god of battle. Your
temper is legendary. From an early age, you demonstrated
unnatural talent in everything that interested you.
You’ve never met your father, but your mother was
a woman famed for both her beauty and her skill as a
harpist. She was carried away by a green dragon when
you were very young. A family of soldiers adopted you,
and then raised you to be a mighty champion for the
city of Mytros. You are a favorite child of the city, and
bards already sing of your great deeds while travelling
the Heartlands.
As a youth, the Oracle predicted a great destiny,
one in which you might be able to join the pantheon
alongside your divine father, who has recently fallen
into despair and drunkenness. According to the Oracle,
Pythor can be brought back from his drunken oblivion
if you are able to achieve the three great labors that
defeated him. You must find Pythor’s last great love
(your mother), defeat his greatest foe, and finish building his greatest weapon. Do these tasks, and your father
will be redeemed.
For players who love: Heracles, Kratos
Restrictions: You must be a native to Thylea.
Adventure Hook: You have been summoned by the
Oracle due to your fame and divine heritage.
Heroic Tasks
• Find your mother (Ophea or a name created by you).
• Defeat Pythor’s greatest foe. According to legend this
is a green dragon known as Hexia.
• Finish building Pythor’s greatest weapon. Choose either:
››Rod of Lordly Might; or
››Luck Blade (can be any type of sword)
Divine Blessing
Blessing of Health. Your Constitution score increases
by 2, up to a maximum of 22.
Monstrous Races: Demi-God
Pythor was known to take many forms, bedding both
mortals and the native races of Thylea. As one of the
monstrous races, you are unlikely to be a champion from
Mytros. Instead, you are a champion of the druids of
Oldwood or one of the tribes of the steppes.

The Doomed One

The Dragonslayer

You come from a famous and distinguished family with
ancestors that include Dragonlords and gods. However,
you had the misfortune of being born under a fell astrological sign, one that portended a doom of epic proportions. Your parents died shortly after you were born,
under mysterious circumstances.
All your life you have been plagued by ill luck, and
you have long suspected that your death will be as ugly
as it is spectacular. The prophets and fortune tellers of
Mytros make signs against evil when they see you in the
street, and you have always been treated with prejudice and superstitious dread. Nevertheless, you’ve been
called by fate to the Temple of the Oracle, and this can
only mean that your nameless doom is now at hand. The
Oracle has promised that your doom can be avoided, for
she alone knows what will protect you.

You have a tragic past. Something terrible happened to
you when you were young, and it forced you to reckon
with the darkness within much sooner than anyone
should ever have to. This tragic event shaped your
identity and drove you to become who you are today.
You know that it was a dragon who was responsible
for destroying your childhood. The dragon might have
razed your village to the ground—or it might have
ruined your life in more insidious ways while polymorphed into the shape of a man or woman. Either way,
you wish to discover the identity and the location of
the dragon so that you can seek it out and exact brutal
vengeance upon it.

For players who love: Achilles, Elric of Melniboné
Restrictions: Must be a native to Thylea.
Adventure Hook: The Oracle knows that your doom
reflects the doom of the world. If you save yourself,
you will be able to save the world.
Heroic Tasks
• To defeat the creature that has been fated to kill you.
• To forge the one artifact that will protect you from
your doom. These items provide resistance to all
damage that originates from the creature that is fated
to kill you. Choose one from the following list:
››Robe of the Archmagi
››Breastplate of Invulnerability
››Cloak of Invisibility
Divine Blessing
Blessing of Protection. You gain a +1 bonus to your AC
and to all saving throws.
Monstrous Races: Doomed One
Your ancestors are not Dragonlords; instead one of your
ancestors is a Titan, such as Lutheria or Sydon.

For players who love: Perseus, Turin Turambar
Restrictions: None.
Adventure Hook: The Oracle knows how to find the
dragon that was responsible for your tragedy.
Heroic Tasks
• To kill the dragon responsible for your tragedy.
• To find items that are key to killing dragons. Pick one
lesser and one greater magic item from this list:
››(Lesser) Armor of Resistance—Fire: this can be
any armor type.
››(Lesser) Ring of Resistance—Fire: only you can
attune to this ring.
››(Greater) Dragonslayer: can be any melee weapon.
››(Greater) Quiver of Elhonna: includes five arrows
of slaying (dragons) or bolts of slaying (dragons).
››(Greater) Wand of Binding: only you can attune.
Divine Blessing
Blessing of Dragon Slaying. You have advantage on
all attacks against creatures with the dragon type.
Creatures with the dragon type have disadvantage on
saving throws against your spells.
Monstrous Races: Dragonslayer
Monstrous races are especially compatible with this epic
path, since many have ancient grudges against dragons.

Even with the Oath of Peace in effect for the last five hundred years, the Titans have discovered
numerous ways to meddle in the affairs of mortals. Sydon and Lutheria are afforded certain rights
under the terms of the oath, including the right to appeasement by sacrifice. Many families have
been destroyed indirectly, by the workings of their servants, including overzealous priests desiring
to curry favor. I would not be surprised to discover hundreds of orphans who have seriously
contemplated seeking vengeance against the Titans, at whatever cost.

— Kyrah, Goddess of Music
Appendix A | Cr e ating Heroes

309

g in my
Perhaps one day our sacred order will be resurrected, but I cannot see it happenin
own lifetime. It would require courage, foresight, and leadership equal to that of Xander

himself. Isadore might have done it, but she was taken from us too soon.
— Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (60 CE)

The Gifted One

The Haunted One

Ever since you were a child you’ve shown remarkable
promise, effortlessly mastering every activity you’ve
attempted. You have no explanation, but most people
assume that you must have divine blood flowing
through your veins. As you are from a common, or barbarian, family, you have been the target of seething envy
from the children of the nobility and the wealthy who
believe you do not deserve your gifts. You’ve therefore
spent most of your life proving your worth. You want to
achieve fame and fortune and have your name remembered down the ages. Mostly… you want to become a
Dragonlord. If you could find a dragon egg and successfully hatch it, you could join the list of legendary heroes
that are still remembered after five centuries. The call
of the Oracle has given you an opportunity to prove
your worth.

You were once in possession of the rarest treasure in
Thylea: a truly happy life. You had a loving partner, beautiful children, and lived in a great house in the city of
Mytros. As the first child of a powerful family with godly
lineage, you were destined to be the next ruler of Mytros.
Then one day, everything changed. You returned
home to find your house cold and empty. Your friends
and neighbors have no memory of your family, almost as
if they never existed. For a while, you struggled against
insanity. Now you’ve resolved to find your family, whatever the cost. You’ll travel to the ends of the earth and
fight the gods themselves if needed. You’ll do whatever it
takes to bring back the people you love, even if everyone
thinks you’re crazy.

For players who love: Jason and the Argonauts, Daenerys
Restrictions: Must be a native to Thylea.
Adventure Hook: The Oracle promises that the prophecy will put you on the path to become a Dragonlord.
Heroic Tasks
• To found a new order of Dragonlords. To do so you
must find the Fortress of the Dragonlords. This fortress is the magical item instant fortress.
• To attune with one of the crowns of the dragonlords.
This will allow you to cast the spells bond of the dragonlords and dirge of the dragonlords.
• To find a dragon egg, hatch it and raise the dragon to
be your companion.
Divine Blessing
Blessing of the Dragonlords. While mounted on a
dragon, you gain that dragon’s damage resistances,
damage immunities and senses (blindsight, darkvision
and its passive perception if it is greater than yours). If
the dragon is an adult or ancient dragon, you can also
use its legendary resistance (but this counts towards the
total number of uses per day).
Paladins: Oath of the Dragonlord
Paladins who take the Oath of the Dragonlord probably
shouldn't choose the Gifted One as their epic path, as
they receive similar powers automatically.

310

Appendix A | Cr e ating Heroes

For players who love: Orpheus, Harry Potter
Restrictions: Must be a native to Thylea.
Adventure Hook: The Oracle claims that saving the
world and fulfilling the prophecy will give you answers
about your family’s disappearance.
Heroic Tasks
• To be reunited with your family.
• To reclaim your family name and legacy by tracking
down your family artifacts. Pick one lesser and one
greater family artifact from this list:
››(Lesser) Ring of Protection: this signet ring was
worn by members of your lost family.
››(Lesser) Amulet of Health: this amulet is emblazoned with your family crest.
››(Lesser) Ioun Stone, Awareness: this stone was a
jewel given to your ancestors by the gods.
››(Greater) Helm of Brilliance: this crown was worn
by your ancestors, who were past rulers of Mytros.
››(Greater) Dancing Sword: this sword (it can be of
any type) contains the soul of the family’s founder.
››(Greater) Rod of Absorption: this rod was always
carried by the leader of your family.
Divine Blessing
Blessing of Magic Resistance. You have advantage on
saving throws against spells and other magical effects.
Monstrous Races: Haunted One
You were the leader of a tribe of centaurs, satyrs, minotaurs, or sirens from the far reaches of the steppes. Your
tribe vanished as if they had never existed.

The Lost One
You hail from a distant land, where your people worshiped foreign gods and spoke languages unknown
to the peo­ple of Thylea. You sailed in search of the
fabled treasures of the Dragonlords, but your ship and
most of your crew were destroyed in a storm. Found
by fishermen and brought to the city of Mytros, you
discovered that your arrival had been prophesied by
the Oracle.
You may not believe in any of the Oracle’s prophecies,
but one thing is for certain: you are somehow stranded
on Thylea’s shores, and your fate is now here. If the
Oracle believes that you are one of the chosen few, then
you must do what you can to help.
For players who love: Narnia, Wizard of Oz.
Restrictions: Must be an explorer from distant lands.
Adventure Hook: The Oracle thinks you have been sent
from the outside world by the gods in order to fulfill
the prophecy.
Heroic Tasks
• Find your surviving crew members.
• Find a way to get back home.
• Find the fabled treasures of the Dragonlords. The
treasure trove includes three gems worth 10,000 gp (a
diamond, a ruby, and a sapphire), 2,000 pp, and 10,000
gp. It also includes one item from the following list:
››Gem of Seeing
››Necklace of Prayer Beads
››Glamoured Studded Leather
››Rod of Rulership
Divine Blessing
Blessing of Luck. You may reroll any one attack roll,
ability check, or saving throw. You must use the second
roll. The blessing cannot be used again until after a long
rest (at least several nights’ sleep, as the GM decides).

you swear an oath to return to her once your quest is
completed. Versi is known as the Oracle by most of the
inhabitants of Thylea.
Centuries of Leisure
The time that you have spent with Versi has created
gaps in your memory. You are no longer the great
Dragonlord that you once were. You must relearn all of
the skills lost to you.

For Players who love: Odysseus, Captain America
Restrictions: Must be an explorer from distant lands.
Adventure Hook: You are the Oracle’s favorite pet.
Heroic Tasks
• To find if you have any descendants.
• To reclaim your title as a Dragonlord. In order to do
this you must:
››Attune with one of the crowns of the dragonlords.
This will allow you to cast the spells bond of the
dragonlords and dirge of the dragonlords.
››Find a dragon egg, hatch it and raise the dragon to
be your companion.
• To get back your fabled armor. Choose one item from
the following list:
››Boots of Speed: Emblazoned on the boots is the
image of your old dragon mount.
››Dragon scale mail: Made from the scales, given
willingly, of your old dragon mount.
››Cloak of the Bat: Only you can attune to this cloak.
Instead of transforming into a bat, this cloak allows
you to transform into a pseudodragon.
Paladins: Oath of the Dragonlord
Paladins who take the Oath of the Dragonlord probably
shouldn't choose the Vanished One as their epic path, as
they receive similar powers automatically.

Monstrous Races: Lost One
You were a stranger in your own land, across the
Forgotten Sea. The tribes of Thylea welcomed you as
family, but you still wish to return to your homeland.

The Vanished One
You are one of the Dragonlords, the legendary outside
explorers who first discovered Thylea. You were present when the tiny settlement of Mytros was founded,
but you’ve been missing for almost 500 years. During
an expedition into the Cerulean Gulf, you fell victim to
the irresistible charms of a nymph named Versi. You’ve
spent the last five centuries in a waking dream, trapped
in her cave with no knowledge of time passing or events
on the mainland. Versi released her hold on you when
you were called by fate to save Thylea, but she made

Divine Blessing
Blessing of the Dragonlords. While mounted on a
dragon, you gain that dragon’s damage resistances,
damage immunities and senses (blindsight, darkvision
and its passive perception if it is greater than yours). If
the dragon is an adult or ancient dragon, you can also
use its legendary resistance (but this counts towards the
total number of uses per day).
Monstrous Races: Vanished One
You were not one of the Dragonlords. Instead, you
were champion from one of the native tribes that were
defeated by the Dragonlords. You want to claim the
power of a dragon and rebuild the order to include all the
diverse peoples of Thylea.

Appendix A | Cr e ating Heroes

311

Appendix B: Playable Races
Thylea is home to a number of mythical races that your
players may choose during character creation.

THYLEAN CENTAUR
I once saw a stampede of centaurs going to
battle against the cyclopes, west of Xanderia. There
is no more marvelous sight in Thylea than their
spears gleaming in the sun of the steppes, wild manes
flowing, hooves thundering. That night, they feasted
and sang under the stars, calling out to me from afar,
but I confess that I was too afraid to draw near.
—Leyland, Gladiator of Mytros
A noble race that roams the great plains of the world,
centaurs are both feared and respected by other intelligent creatures. Centaur legends claim that they are
the offspring of a powerful god of war that came down
to the mortal plane in the form of a stallion. They are
proud of this divine heritage and demand that the
proper respect be shown to them.

Equine Nomads
Centaurs possess a humanoid torso with a horse’s lower
body. They are as varied in coloration and physical build
as humans and horses. Their horse body can be chestnut
brown, black as a nightmare, pure white as a unicorn,
grey, and other colors between. They can be a single
color, spotted, have white “socks,” or have hooves of
different coloration. Their human bodies can be of any
skin color from dark skinned to pale. Their human hair
can be black, brown, blonde, or red—but it most often
complements that of their horse body.

Proud and Haughty
Centaurs are a proud people. They view themselves
as superior to all other races and demand respect and
adulation. They can be vain about their appearance and
are careful to be dignified and aloof in the presence of
others. However, most centaurs are also fond of drink
and once inebriated they can become loud, boorish, and
dangerous.

Centaur Tribes
Centaurs are a tribal people. Centaurs are fiercely loyal
to members of their tribe and will never leave one of
their own behind. When they mate, they mate for life. If
they join an adventuring group, they will often consider
that group to be their current tribe and will be intensely
loyal to their fellow heroes.
They normally roam huge expanses of steppe land
that they consider their domain. They don’t build settlements in these lands, but they are protective of them.
While centaurs can be herbivores, they prefer meat and
enjoy hunting, but they will resort to gathering fruit,
nuts, and other plants if an area has been overhunted.
Travelers who are respectful of the plants and animals in
tribal territory are left alone, but those who disrespect
nature or try to build permanent settlements of any kind
will become a target of the tribe’s wrath.

Centaurs in Thylea
Centaurs are distrustful of the civilized races. In the First
War that raged five centuries ago, thousands of centaurs
were killed by the invading Dragonlords, and the centaurs
have never forgotten or forgiven. The distrust is mutual,
especially as centaur tribes are now flocking to the banner
of Sydon and raiding outlying farms. Centaurs that enter
a Thylean town or city will find that they are tolerated but
kept under constant watch.
The centaurs tend to worship the mother goddess, but
they will sometimes offer prayers to one of the titans,
Sydon or Lutheria. They never worship the Five.

312

Appendix B | New Pl ayable R aces

Centaur Names
Centaurs have names that are specific to their race.
These names can often be difficult for members of other
races to pronounce, so they can adopt nicknames when
traveling with a band of non-centaurs.
Male Names: Agrius (Agri), Amycus (Amy), Asbolus
(Az), Bienor, Chiron, Cyllarus (Cyl), Dictys, Eurytus
(Tus), Elatus, Eurytion (Yuri), Hylaeus (Hyla), Nessus,
Perimedes (Peri), Pholus, Rhoetus (Rote), and
Thaumas (Tom).
Female Names: Agaria, Biano, Cylla, Diena, Eura,
Hylonome (Hylo), Heranae (Hera), Nessicana
(Nessie), Nara, Ponadata (Pona), Rhaelatisis (Rala),
Rhaena (Rain), and Seranu (Sara).

Centaur Traits
Centaurs have the following racial traits.
Ability Score Increase. Your Strength score increases
by 2, and your Wisdom score increases by 1.
Age. Centaurs mature at the same rate as humans.
Alignment. Centaurs have a tendency toward good.
As a tribal people, they don’t lean toward the freedom of
a chaotic alignment, but they don’t obey laws that they
feel are unjust or ineffective. They lean toward neutral.
Size. Centaurs range from 6’6” to 7 feet in height
and weigh between 700 and 900 pounds. Your size is
Medium, but you tower over most other races.
Speed. Your base walking speed is 40 feet.
Languages. You can speak, read, and write Common
and Sylvan.
Charge. If you move 30 feet straight toward a target
and then hit them with a melee attack on the same turn,
the target takes an extra 1d6 damage from the first attack.
Mountable. As a bonus action on your turn, you may
allow a single willing ally within 5 feet of you to hitch a
brief ride on your back. They are carried on your back
until the end of your turn, at which point they must disembark within 5 feet of you. While being carried, your
rider is not considered to be mounted and they are not
vulnerable to attacks of opportunity. Your rider must be
a bipedal creature of your size or smaller.
Quadrapedal Stride. Climbing or maneuvering in
tight spaces is considered difficult terrain for you.

ylea are fearsome
The native and cursed races of Th
against the Titans are
enemies, but those who side with us
ying my own kind
valuable allies. I cannot fathom betra
to question their
as they have, but I find it is better not
us; that 's all that
motives. They choose to fight alongside
gh for me.
matters to Xander, and so it's good enou

—Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (15 CE)

THYLEAN MEDUSA
“Truly, I have never considered myself to be
cursed. I wished for gold, and gold I now have—in
great quantities. Those who displease me are added
to my lovely collection of statues. And I prefer the
company of my snakes to that of lesser mortals.”
—Moxena, the Lady of Coins
Medusa are humanoids that have made a bargain with
dark powers to achieve beauty, eternal youth, great
wealth, or some other mortal desire. As a consequence,
their hair has been replaced with snakes, and their eyes
have the power to petrify the unwary. They are despised
and shunned by all other mortal races, and they must
be careful to hide their identity when traveling in the
civilized places of the world.

Legend of the Medusa
Thousands of years ago, a woman came to Thylea
seeking her fortune. When the creatures of that land
asked her from whence she came, she would only say, “I
am from the land of the Gorgons.” In those days, Thylea
was rich in natural beauty but poor in wealth. But the
woman would not be deterred.
Appendix B | New Pl ayable R aces

313

First, the woman searched the steppes and mountains, and she came to the centaurs, asking, “Where
may I find gems and jewels to rival the stars?” The
centaurs offered her a shank of lamb and said, “Why
seek gems and jewels when the stars are free to everyone?” Disappointed, she cast away the food and left the
centaurs to their star-gazing.
Then the woman searched the forests, and she came
to the satyrs, asking, “Where may I find rivers of gold
and silver that flow like fountains?” The satyrs offered
her a goblet of wine and said, “Gold and silver make a
very poor feast. Wouldn’t you rather join us for a song
and a drink?” Disappointed again, the woman cast away
the goblet and left the satyrs to their revelry.
Now, the woman wandered high and low, seeking
her fortune to no avail, and finally she came upon three
women weaving at a loom. She said, “I wish for riches
beyond the imagination of all the creatures that haunt
this accursed land.” The three women, who were the
Fates, warned her. “Is this truly what you desire? You
may have it, but the price will be high.” And the woman
answered, “When I am rich, I shall have no trouble
paying any price.” And the Fates said, “So be it.”
The woman’s eyes suddenly gleamed like golden
coins, and wherever she turned her gaze, creatures
were turned to stone. “So that none may rob you of
your treasure,” said the Fates. The woman’s hair grew
long and sinuous, slithering and scaled like snakes.
“So that always you will have the company of hearts
as cold as your own.” And finally, the woman’s hands
were filled with gems and coins that were beautiful
beyond the reckoning of stars or songs. Her name
was Medusa, and she was the namesake of her curse,
which afflicts many such mortals with more ambition
than sense.

Cursed by Dark Powers
Medusae have typically made bargains with some sort
of fiend or fiendish power, but in some cases, they
are oathbreakers who have displeased the gods or the
Fates. Either way, they have been afflicted with the
curse of the medusa as punishment, and recovery from
the curse is not possible without the use of powerful
magic. In some cases, even the greater restoration spell
may not be enough to break the curse. But in many
other cases, the medusa simply embraces the curse as
part of her identity. Children born to medusae are also
affected by the curse.

Ophidian Schemers
Medusae are known to spend much of their time plotting against those who rival them in wealth, power, or
beauty. Some medusae name their snakes and speak
to them as if they were speaking to cherished pets or
loved ones. Others are ashamed of their curse and seek
to break it. Medusae must train themselves to never
314

Appendix B | New Pl ayable R aces

gaze into a mirror or stare at their reflection, for in an
ironic twist of fate, they are vulnerable to their own
petrifying gaze.

Medusa Traits
Medusae have the following traits.
Ability Score Increase. Your Dexterity score increases
by 2, and your Intelligence score increases by 1.
Age. Medusae are not born—they are made. When a
humanoid is afflicted by the curse of the medusa, they
gradually transform into a snake-haired monstrosity.
Once transformed, they may live for a thousand years,
but most are hunted down and killed long before then.
Alignment. Civilized medusae tend toward neutral or
lawful evil alignments, because they must find ways to
survive on the fringes of society. They must be careful
to cooperate with others who will suffer the company of
one who is cursed by the gods. Medusae who give into
their anger eventually lose control of themselves and
become true monsters.
Size. Medusae are the same size and build as humans.
Your size is Medium.
Speed. Your base walking speed is 30 feet.
Languages. You can speak, read, and write Common
and one language of your choice.
Darkvision. Your eyes are adapted to dark places,
giving you darkvision out to 60 ft.
Cursed. You are afflicted by the curse of the medusa,
but your transformation is already complete. Your curse
can only be ended with the wish spell. If your curse
ends, then your race changes to whichever race you
were before you became cursed (usually a human).
Snake Hair. You can attack with your snake hair. This
is a melee weapon attack with an attack bonus equal to
your proficiency modifier + your Dexterity modifier. It
does 1d6 piercing damage on a hit, and your target must
make a DC 12 Constitution saving throw or else they are
poisoned until the beginning of your next turn.
Snake Blood. You have advantage on saving throws
against spells and abilities that inflict the poisoned
condition.
Petrifying Gaze. Starting at 5th level, you can use
your action to force a creature within 30 feet that can
see your eyes to make a DC 8 Constitution saving throw.
On a failure, the creature is paralyzed until the end of its
next turn. On your turn, you can use your bonus action
to force the same creature to repeat this saving throw
with disadvantage. Each time it fails, it is paralyzed
again until the end of its next turn. When a creature is
paralyzed in this way for the third time in a span of 10
minutes, it is instantly petrified.
Starting at 10th level, the DC for this saving throw
increases to 10. At 15th level, the DC increases to 12. At
20th level, the DC increases to 14.

among them had the strength to till the hard, rocky soil.
As fate would have it, they discovered a magnificent bull
that could pull a plow through any terrain for days without resting. Using the bull’s great strength, they were
able to produce bountiful crops with which to survive
the first winter.
Over time, the people of the tribe began to venerate
the bull, crowning him as the god of the harvest. When
Sydon learned of this, he was furious. He threw curses
down upon the settlers and transformed them into bulls,
in mockery of their insolence. Each of them was harnessed to a plow and forced to tread the same winding,
geometric path, until that path became a deep, labyrinthian gorge. Eventually, the plows broke, and the people
of Minos slowly began to stand upright again—but their
faces had been forever changed by the curse.
The people of the tribe came to be called minotaurs—
the bulls of Minos—and they have never fully shed their
bull-like demeanors. Some of them merely have horns
and a snout-like nose, while others have the entire upper
torso of a bull. Some continued to dwell in the labyrinth,
while others left to explore the far reaches of Thylea.
Over the centuries, they have come to view their own
cursed existence as the will of the Fates.

Warrior Bulls

THYLEAN MINOTAUR
“I will never understand how the people of
Mytros can consider themselves to be so enlightened
when they treat the minotaur tribes like cattle.
Travel widely enough and you will come to know
shopkeepers, poets, and philosophers with the faces
of bulls. True, there are some who are monsters. But
is that not also true of men?”
—Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine
Minotaurs are the descendants of an ancient tribe
of humans who were cursed by the gods, transforming them into half-human, half-bull monstrosities.
Although they are widely dismissed as unthinking
brutes, they are in fact as diverse and as intelligent as
any other race.

Legend of the Minotaurs
Over a thousand years ago, a tribe of humans washed
ashore in Thylea and came to live in the southern hills
of the Aresian peninsula. Here, they laid foundations for
a city and called it Minos. But not one man or woman

Minotaurs possess uncommon strength, making them
excellent warriors. The curse infuses their bodies with
the power of a bull at all times, and their muscles seldom
relax, even when they are drunk or asleep. In battle,
minotaurs sometimes lose control of their emotions and
fly into a rage. When this happens, the curse takes over,
transforming them back into a full-fledged bull for a
short period of time.

Oathbound Slaves
Minotaurs are widely shunned, because they are
believed to be unthinking brutes who have been cursed
by the gods. Most minotaurs gather together to form
small farming or fishing communities, far from civilization. The only way that most minotaurs can find
work in cities and villages is to swear oaths of service
that effectively reduce them to the status of slaves.
Many bear this humiliation with stoic grit, but others
resort to banditry rather than submit to the unreasonable demands of cowardly superstition.

Minotaur Names
Minotaurs generally prefer names that are short and
simple. They typically punctuate their names with a
snort or a sharp exhalation of air through their nostrils.
When someone omits this part of their name, they
become annoyed.
Names: Arxan, Braz, Dregxa, Elagore, Garnox, Horus,
Kath, Luth, Manx, Parth, Raxus, Steth, Torag, Zark
Appendix B | New Pl ayable R aces

315

Minotaur Traits
Minotaurs have the following traits.
Ability Score Increase. Your Strength score increases
by 2, and your Constitution score increases by 1.
Age. Minotaurs mature at the same rate as humans
and live to about the same ages.
Alignment. Minotaurs tend toward neutral alignments. Most are stoic and proudly stubborn, refusing to
be moved by notions of good or evil.
Size. Minotaurs range from 6 to 8 feet in height. They
weigh between 200 and 400 pounds. Your size is Medium.
Speed. Your base walking speed is 40 feet.
Languages. You can speak, read, and write Common
and Abyssal.
Keen Snout. Despite your powerful demeanor, you
have a delicate nose. You have advantage on Wisdom
(Perception) checks that rely on smell, and you can
detect strong odors from up to six miles away.
Labyrinthine Vision. Your eyes are adapted to the
dark conditions of deep canyons and underground
labyrinths, giving you darkvision out to 60 ft. You have
advantage on skill checks made to solve maze-like puzzles. Additionally, you automatically succeed on saving
throws against maze and hypnotic pattern.
Colorblindness. You see the world in shades of red
and grey, leaving you incapable of discerning any color
except for very bright reds.
Cursed Transformation. Starting at 5th level, you
may use your bonus action to transform yourself into a
bull using the rules of the polymorph spell (no concentration required). This ability recharges after a long rest.
This ability automatically triggers if you suffer prolonged exposure to very bright shades of red. Starting at
9th level, this ability transforms you into a dire bull.

Bull

Large beast, unaligned
Armor Class 11 (natural armor)
Hit Points 36 (4d10 + 12)
Speed 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
18 (+4) 10 (+0) 16 (+3)

INT
4 (-3)

WIS
10 (+0)

CHA
9 (-1)

Skills Perception +4
Senses passive Perception 14
Challenge 1 (200 XP)
Keen Smell. The bull has advantage on Wisdom
(Perception) checks that rely on smell.

Actions
Horns. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: (1d8 + 4) piercing damage.
Charge. If the bull moves at least 20 ft. straight toward
a target and then hits it with a horns attack on the same
turn, the target takes an extra 3 (1d6) piercing damage.
If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 11
Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.

Dire Bull
Large beast, unaligned

Armor Class 12 (natural armor)
Hit Points 46 (5d10 + 12)
Speed 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
18 (+4) 10 (+0) 16 (+3)

INT
4 (-3)

WIS
10 (+0)

CHA
9 (-1)

Skills Perception +4
Senses passive Perception 14
Challenge 2 (450 XP)
Keen Smell. The bull has advantage on Wisdom
(Perception) checks that rely on smell.
Relentless (1/day). If the bull takes 10 damage or less
that would reduce it to 0 hit points, it is reduced to 1 hit
point instead.

Actions
Horns. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: (2d6 + 4) piercing damage.
Charge. If the bull moves at least 20 ft. straight toward
a target and then hits it with a horns attack on the same
turn, the target takes an extra 5 (1d10) piercing damage.
If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 14
Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
316

Appendix B | New Pl ayable R aces

THYLEAN NYMPH
“I once loved a man who had eyes like
jewels, and tresses like the sun, and lips like a flower.
He claimed to have been born within a crag at the
peak of the mountain near my village, but I did not
believe him, for how could anything so delicate be
born from hard, pitted rock?”
—Tessela, witch of the western steppes
Nymphs are fey spirits that manifest from the beauty
of the elemental forces of creation. There are many
kinds of nymphs—dryads of the forests, naiads of the
rivers, oreads of the mountains, aurae of the night sky,
and nereids of the sea. They have walked the earth for
millennia, ever since the Great Mother awakened them
from the trees, waters, rocks, and breezes.
Nymphs are most at home in nature, but they have
been known to disguise themselves and live amongst
mortals, for they are desperately curious about the
civilized world. In spite of this, they often have a difficult
time comprehending the day-to-day struggle of civilized
existence. Their charms are such that they may inadvertently seduce and domesticate mortal ‘pets’ who see to
their every need, leaving them somewhat puzzled by the
ugliness and hardship that seems to pervade cities.

Beautiful and Diverse
Nymphs are famed for their feminine charms, but they
are not exclusively female. Some are awakened from the
elements with a mix of masculine and feminine features,
and others are quintessential specimens of male splendor. As fey creatures, nymphs like little less than to be
nailed down by the crude shackles of mortal language.
They come in as many shapes and forms as the earth
itself. The only physical trait that all of them have in
common is an awe-inspiring beauty.

Curious and Possessive
Nymphs have an insatiable desire to learn as much as
possible about both the natural and the civilized world.
Because most have had eons to discover the splendor
of nature, it is the civilized world that interests them
the most. However, they are not usually very accustomed to mortal culture, and so they may think of men
and women as interesting baubles to be collected and
admired. Even civilized nymphs tend to cherish their
friends and acquaintances as ‘pets’ to be manicured
and proudly exhibited. They are not above bragging
about their collection—or fighting with one another
over their favorites.

Legend of the Nymphs
There was once a river running through the mountains. None can say which river or which mountains,
for this was so long ago that the land has rolled and
shifted so as to become unrecognizable in the time
since. The mountains were blanketed in a soft powder
of white snow, and as the snow melted, it crept along
the ground and joined together into streams of water,
which trickled along the rocks and formed a river. And
the river coursed down through a forest, emptying into
the ocean. So it went for eons.
But then one day, the snow on the mountains had a
thought. “Am I alike to the water in the streams?” And
so also did the water in the river begin to wonder, “Am I
alike to the roots of the trees?” They were curious, but it
seemed that they would never know the answer, for just
as the snow went to inspect the streams, it became the
water, and just as the water went to inspect the trees, it
became the roots. And so it went for eons.
Eventually, the Great Mother herself became aware of
these questions. Holding the world in her embrace, she
felt the curiosity of the elements rippling and vibrating
across its surface, anxious for answers. And so, she loosened her grip—just slightly. The rippling thoughts of the
snow and the waters and the rocks and the trees took
shape, and their shapes were beautiful, for they were
curiosity made manifest. These were the first nymphs.
Appendix B | New Pl ayable R aces

317

Nymph Names
Nymphs have names that sound beautiful and elemental.
Male Names: Celano, Elion, Eratheis, Hyllis, Limnade,
Linos, Myrmex, Olbia, Pega, Potameid, Pyron, Taygete
Female Names: Aegle, Alcyone, Arethusa, Asterope,
Brettia, Brisa, Calybe, Crinae, Crimisa, Dodone,
Electra, Erythia, Hesperia, Himalia, Oeneis, Laodice,
Maia, Merope, Polydora, Rhene, Semestra

Nymph Traits
Nymphs have the following traits.
Ability Score Increase. Your Charisma score
increases by 2, and your Wisdom score increases by 1.
Age. Nymphs are born cocooned within some feature of their associated element. For example, dryads
are usually born within trees, and nereids may be born
within giant clamshells. Young nymphs sleep in their
cocoon for up to one hundred years before emerging,
fully mature. They can live for as long as one thousand
years, although many choose to return to the elements
once their curiosity about the world has been satisfied.
Alignment. Nymphs tend toward chaotic alignments. They understand the concepts of good and
evil, but they tend to select one or the other based
on impulse rather than any deep-seated conviction.
Nymphs tend to make a game out of performing acts
that characterize their chosen alignment, rather than
pausing for serious introspection.
Size. Nymphs are the same size as humans, but their
builds typically reflect a life of leisure. Your size is Medium.
Speed. Your base walking speed is 30 feet.
Languages. You can speak, read, and write Common
and Sylvan.
Enthralling Beauty. You possess unearthly grace and
beauty, which allows you to dazzle and charm those
who are susceptible to such things. You have proficiency
in the Persuasion skill. Additionally, you can cast the
charm person spell once with this trait and regain the
ability to do so when you finish a short or long rest.
Charisma is your spellcasting ability for this spell.
Nymph Ancestry. When you create your nymph,
choose one of the following subraces: Aurae, Dryad,
Naiad, Nereid, or Oread. You gain access to special traits
and magic depending upon your ancestry.
Nymph Subrace: Aurae
Aurae are associated with the breezes and the constellations of the night sky. They look like beautiful humans
except that in dim lighting, their features are sometimes
illuminated by cosmic light. Aurae are considered to be
the wisest and most serious-minded nymphs, as they
spend their time reflecting upon the eternal nature of
the stars.
Aurae Ancestry. You have Darkvision out to 60 ft.,
and you have advantage on Wisdom (Survival) checks

318

Appendix B | New Pl ayable R aces

when navigating by the stars. Starting at 3rd level, you
can cast the faerie fire spell once with this trait and
regain the ability to do so after a short or long rest.
Starting at 7th level, you can cast the levitate spell once
with this trait and regain the ability to do so after a short
or long rest. Charisma is your spellcasting ability for
these spells.
Nymph Subrace: Dryad
Dryads are associated with the forests and trees. They
look like beautiful humans but with rough, bark-like
skin that ranges in color from earthy browns and greens
to flowery pinks and blues. Of all the nymphs, they have
the most trouble adapting to civilization, as they do not
cope well with being separated from their birth tree.
Dryad Ancestry. You are fluent in the languages of
beasts and plants, and you have advantage on Wisdom
(Survival) checks in forested regions. Starting at 3rd
level, you can cast the goodberry spell once with this
trait and regain the ability to do so after a short or long
rest. Starting at 7th level, you can cast the barkskin
spell once with this trait and regain the ability to do so
after a short or long rest. Charisma is your spellcasting
ability for these spells.
Nymph Subrace: Naiad
Naiads are associated with rivers, lakes, and rushing
rapids. They look like beautiful humans but with long
hair that coils and tumbles like a flowing waterfall from
their shoulders. They adapt to civilization easily, as
many mortal settlements are built along rivers. Any
beautiful human that seems to enjoy bathing just a little
too much might be accused of being a naiad.
Naiad Ancestry. You can hold your breath for 1 hour,
and you have a swimming speed of 40 ft. Starting at
3rd level, you may cast the create or destroy water spell
once with this trait and regain the ability to do so after
a short or long rest. Starting at 7th level, you can cast
the control water spell once with this trait and regain
the ability to do so after a short or long rest. Charisma is
your spellcasting ability for these spells.
Nymph Subrace: Nereid
Nereids are associated with the stormy seas and oceans.
They look like beautiful humans but with pearlescent
blue-green skin, luminous eyes, and webbed hands and
feet. Nereids have no trouble adapting to civilization,
but they are a rare sight, because they vastly prefer the
ocean to walking on dry land.
Nereid Ancestry. You can breathe underwater, and
you have a swimming speed of 40 ft. Starting at 3rd
level, you may cast the fog cloud spell once with this trait
and regain the ability to do so after a short or long rest.
Starting at 7th level, you can cast the water walk spell
once with this trait and regain the ability to do so after a
short or long rest. Charisma is your spellcasting ability
for these spells.

Nymph Subrace: Oread
Oreads are associated with rocky crags and the snowy
peaks of mountains. They look like beautiful humans but
with cat-shaped eyes. Oreads are fierce hunters, and they
are known to stalk rural areas in search of interesting
prey. Any hunter who can live for weeks in the wild and
come away looking fresh as a flower might be an oread.
Oread Ancestry. You have Darkvision out to 60 ft.,
and you have advantage on Wisdom (Survival) checks
in steppes, rocky islands, and mountainous regions.
Starting at 3rd level, you can cast the hunter’s mark spell
once with this trait and regain the ability to do so after a
short or long rest. Starting at 7th level, you can cast the
misty step spell once with this trait and regain the ability
to do so after a short or long rest. Charisma is your
spellcasting ability for these spells.

THYLEAN SATYR
“Trust these horn-headed fiends to get the
better end of any deal you make with them. They’ll
ask to be paid in wine, and then drink you into poverty. I caught one of them tupping my sister behind
the stables, and rather than having the good sense
to be ashamed, he wrote a song about it. Sod them
all, but the damned goats play music that could
make the Muse herself weep.”
—Delphion, Innkeeper of the Dragon’s Tooth

Music Lovers

Satyrs are a race of fey creatures with a strong link to
the Feywild and all of the creatures and races that come
from that place. They prefer forested wilderness but are
not afraid to enter towns and cities to enjoy the company and other benefits of civilization.

Satyrs love to listen to music. They will happily spend
long stretches of time both playing and composing new
music. They are known to travel great distances to hear
new songs, instruments, and poetry.

Goat Men

Satyrs don’t have the same strained relationship with the
civilized races of Thylea that the centaurs do. Satyrs can
be found in many towns and villages throughout Thylea,
as well as the great city of Mytros. They are attracted to
the abundance of experiences that civilization provides:
the food, the wine, and most especially the music.
The civilized races of Thylea are suspicious of satyrs,
for there are many stories of satyrs seducing and corrupting both the old and the young alike.

Satyrs have the lower body of a goat and the upper body
of an elf. A pair of goat-like horns sprout from their
foreheads. These horns can range from small spikes to
huge horns worthy of a mountain goat. In addition to a
full head of hair, satyrs grow fur on their arms, legs, and
torsos. Some satyrs grow less fur, and many choose to
carefully shave the hair from their arms and body. They
can have brown, black, blonde, red, grey, or white hair.
Their skin color ranges from dark to pale.

Hedonistic
Satyrs are in tune with their emotions to a degree that
can be disturbing to other races. They want to experience everything: happiness, sadness, love, rage, etc. The
only thing they avoid is boredom.
They love music, wine, and dancing. They also enjoy
an interest in carnal pleasures, and they are not afraid to
share a bed with any of the other intelligent races.

Satyrs in Thylea

Satyr Names
Satyrs have names that they draw from legends and
myths—and from the powers that rule over the Feywild.
Male Names: Adrastos, Aeolus, Brontes, Castor,
Cephalus, Glaucus, Helios, Iacchus, Kreios, Lycus,
Melanthios, Okeanos, and Proteus.
Female Names: Acantha, Astraea, Briseis, Clio, Erato,
Harmonia, Ianthe, Jocasta, Melete, Phaedra, Phoebe,
Selene, and Tethys.
Appendix B | New Pl ayable R aces

319

Satyr Traits
Satyrs have the following traits.
Ability Score Increase. Your Dexterity score increases
by 2, and your Charisma score increases by 1.
Age. Satyrs mature quickly, reaching adulthood by
their early teens. They can live for several centuries.
Alignment. Most satyrs are chaotic neutral. They live
for pleasure, sensual experience, and excitement. There
are some satyrs who have developed empathy for others
and tend toward good. Other satyrs have grown cruel
and enjoy causing painful emotions.
Size. Satyrs range from 4 to 5 feet in height. They
weigh between 100 and 150 pounds. Your size is
Medium.
Speed. Your base walking speed is 30 feet.
Languages. You can speak, read, and write Common
and Sylvan.
Fey Heritage. You have advantage on saving throws
against being charmed or frightened, and spells can’t put
you to sleep.
Memory for Music. You have proficiency with one
instrument of your choice. You have advantage on
Performance checks made with the selected instrument.
You can also memorize and perform any song after
hearing it only once.
Enchanting Music. You can cast the minor illusion
cantrip. When you reach 3rd level, you can cast the sleep
spell once with this trait and regain the ability to do so
when you finish a long rest. When you reach 5th level,
you can also cast the suggestion spell with this trait and
regain the ability to do so when you finish a long rest.
Casting these spells requires access to an instrument
that you are proficient with. Charisma is your spellcasting ability for these spells.

THYLEAN SIREN
“There is no denying the beauty of the
songs of the sirens. They can be heard miles from
shore, joining with the din of the ocean waves
to create haunting melodies. Sailors are always
blaming them for shipwrecks, of course, but I
imagine that’s a convenient excuse when you crash
your own ship on the shoals.”
—Chalcodon, philosopher of Mytros
Sirens are a race of winged, aquatic humanoids that typically dwell near rocky sea cliffs. They are famed for their
beautiful voices, which they use to sing haunting lamentations, captivating listeners and transporting them to a
bygone age. Sirens are rarely found very far inland. They
prefer to remain near the coasts, as the gentle roar of the
ocean waves calms their roiling emotions.

320

Appendix B | New Pl ayable R aces

Sirens typically experience fluctuating moods from
one day to the next, ranging from extreme joy and hope
for the future, to extreme sorrow and pessimism. No
matter how a siren feels, she expresses her emotion
through song. On good days, she may annoy her companions with chirpy melodies and vocal warm-ups as
she glides around on outstretched wings. Bad days, on
the other hand, may see her moaning and wailing and
dragging her feet.

Legend of the Sirens
The sirens once lived on a great expanse of shoals in
the Cerulean Gulf, where they built a city of brilliant
white limestone. Its towering spires and pillars thrust
out from the rocky waters, allowing the sirens to fly or
swim as they pleased. They lived here in joy, singing
praises to Sydon, who governed the oceans. Sydon
heard this from his throne in Praxys and scowled.
“Were they truly grateful, they would not build their
towers to rival mine.”
When the sirens learned that Sydon was displeased, they were heartbroken. They dismantled
their towers and composed new melodies—songs of

repentance—which once more carried on the winds to
the ears of the Titan. He was unmoved. “Were they truly
repentant, they would not sing so brazenly, but they
would go meekly and offer the proper sacrifices in place
of songs.”
This time, the sirens were utterly stricken. They had
believed that their songs were cherished by the gods.
Their voices were stilled, and in the ensuing silence,
the brilliance of the city faded into shadow. Stone foundations cracked, and pediments grew heavy. The pillars
collapsed, and the city of the sirens sank deep into the
ocean, swallowed by churning waters. Even its name
was forgotten.
Centuries passed in silence. Eventually, a new song
began—an endless lamentation for the city that now
sleeps on the ocean floor. When Lutheria learned that
the city of the sirens had been destroyed, she laughed.
She captured an entire flock of the pitiful creatures and
gleefully cursed them, twisting them into something
monstrous. These were the first harpies.

Ocean Lovers
Sirens are not amphibious, but they are well-adapted for
living in and around water. They are thought to descend
from an ancient Nereid who fell in love with an avian
celestial. Iridescent scales cover many parts of their
body, and their taloned hands and feet are excellent for
fishing. They live in small flocks along the shores of the
ocean. Siren artwork, poetry, and architecture emphasize their special relationship with both the clouds above
and the sea below.

Mournful Singers
Every siren is born with an abiding sense of sorrow
that never fades—a soul-crushing grief caused by the
loss of her ancestral home. From an early age, sirens
learn to sing the ancient songs of their lost city, which
evoke heart-wrenching memories of a time that will
never come again. Anyone who hears a siren’s song is
immediately mesmerized by the overwhelming emotion conveyed by her beautiful voice. Some are moved
to tears—others collapse into catatonia. The siren
herself is not exempt from this—the moment she hears
her own lamentations, she experiences an intense pang
of loss.

Winged Messengers
Sirens have broad, feathered wings growing out of
their backs, which allow them to fly like birds. For
this reason, sirens are often employed as messengers,
tasked with conveying satchels of written letters from
one city to another. However, a siren can only fly
when her heart is filled with light. On such days, her
songs are bright and joyful, no matter what manner of
message she carries. Thus the saying, “A siren in good
spirits may yet carry ill news.”

Siren Names
Sirens have names that sound lyrical and sad. They are
ancient names, carried down from generation to generation, and each is associated with an ancestral song. Sirens
choose their own names when they come of age, selecting
one from the song that moves them most deeply.
Male Names: Alovar, Celeus, Everean, Gaiar, Helean,
Inareus, Leiro, Meiar, Nerean, Oren, Reilan, Taeren
Female Names: Alovarea, Celea, Everea, Gaia, Helena,
Inarea, Leira, Meia, Nerea, Orena, Reilana, Taerena

Siren Traits
Sirens have the following traits.
Ability Score Increase. Your Charisma score
increases by 2, and your Dexterity score increases by 1.
Age. Sirens mature at the same rate as humans, but
they live about five times as long.
Alignment. From birth, sirens experience deep
feelings of sorrow from the loss of their ancestral home.
Some wish to prevent another such tragedy from befalling other races, which draws them toward good alignments. Others become bitter and pessimistic, tending
toward neutral alignments.
Size. Sirens are slightly shorter than humans, and they
have a wingspan of about 6 feet. Your size is Medium.
Speed. Your base walking speed is 30 feet.
Languages. You can speak, read, and write Common
and Celestial.
Enthralling Voice. You have advantage on
Performance and Persuasion checks made with your
voice. Additionally, your powerful lungs allow you to
hold your breath for up to 1 hour.
Wavering Emotions. Your mood affects your ability
to sing and fly. After any short or long rest, you must
choose whether you are feeling joyful or sad. While you
are feeling sad, you lose your flying speed but gain songs
of sorrow. While you are feeling joyful, you gain your
flying speed but lose songs of sorrow. Your mood may
change before the next time you rest, but it won’t affect
which ability you have access to until after your next rest
is completed.
Flight. You have a flying speed of 30 feet. To use this
speed, you can’t be wearing medium or heavy armor.
Songs of Sorrow. Your lamentations have a powerful
effect on anyone who can hear them. You can cast the
charm person spell once with this trait and regain the
ability to do so when you finish a short rest. When you
reach 3rd level, you can cast the enthrall spell once with
this trait and regain the ability to do so when you finish
a short rest. When you reach 5th level, you can cast
the hold person spell once with this trait and regain the
ability to do so when you finish a short rest. Charisma is
your spellcasting ability for these spells, and the targets
of your spells must have the ability to hear you singing.

Appendix B | New Pl ayable R aces

321

Even among thousands of soldiers, a single

great warrior can turn the tide of battle.

Appendix C:
Class Archetypes

Usually that warrior is me, but if you

Odyssey of the Dragonlords introduces a number of new
class archetypes which can be used by players. These
archetypes are flavored to fit with the world of Thylea.

work hard, perhaps one day it wil be you!

— Pythor, God of Battle

Barbarian
HERCULEAN PATH

Some individuals are born with seemingly impossible strength, exhibiting rippling muscles even before
they learn to speak or walk. Such men and women
quickly learn that every good thing in this world may be
obtained through the exercise of overwhelming might.
Others may scorn them and call them “barbaric,” but
what are words but useless noise to be choked out of the
speaker’s windpipe?
As one such individual, you know that strength is
what determines one’s worth in the world: strength to
crush your enemies—and to impress your allies. You
savor the opportunity to show off your great strength,
whether it be in battle or in friendly competition. Your
incredible strength allows you to accomplish Herculean
feats that will leave your foes wailing in anguish.

Precocious Wrestler
Starting at 3rd level, you have learned to take advantage
of your innate strength to wrestle foes into submission.
You are proficient in the Athletics skill, and you are
capable of grappling and shoving creatures that are up
to two sizes larger than you. On your turn, you may use
a bonus action to attempt to grapple a creature. While
you are grappling a creature with one hand, you may use
your free hand to attack that creature with two-handed
weapons as if you were using both hands.

Mighty Marksman
Starting at 6th level, you leverage your immense
strength when using ranged weapons. You can use heavy
weapons without incurring disadvantage due to your
size. Additionally, you may choose to use your Strength
modifier for attack and damage rolls with longbows.
When you make ranged attacks with longbows or
thrown weapons while raging, you may add your rage
damage bonus to the damage rolls.
Thunderous Shot. When you make a ranged attack,
you may choose to add the effect of thunderwave to the
projectile, centered on the location that the projectile
hits. The DC for this effect is 8 + your proficiency bonus
+ your Strength modifier. Once you have used this feature, you may not use it again until you complete a short
or long rest.
322

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

Herculean Rage
Starting at 10th level, your rages take on legendary qualities and grow more powerful the longer they endure. At
the beginning of each of your turns, if you are already
raging, your rage damage bonus increases by +1, up to
a maximum of your Strength modifier. Additionally,
while raging, you are immune to poison damage and you
cannot be frightened.

Earthshaker
Starting at 14th level, your colossal strength causes the
ground itself to tremble and quake. On your turn, you
can use your action to strike the ground and create the
effects of an earthquake with a 40 ft. radius, centered on
your location. This area becomes difficult terrain.
Each creature on the ground in the affected area that
is concentrating must make a Constitution saving throw
with a DC of 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Strength
modifier. On a failed save, the creature's concentration
is broken. At the end of your turn, each creature on the
ground in the area must make a Dexterity saving throw
with the same DC as the previous one. On a failed save,
the creature is knocked prone. You have advantage on
this saving throw.
At the beginning of each of your subsequent turns,
you may use your bonus action to stomp the ground and
continue the effects of the earthquake until the beginning of your next turn, for a maximum duration of 1
minute. Once you have used this feature, you may not
use it again until you complete a long rest.

Bard
COLLEGE OF EPIC POETRY

Bards who study the College of Epic Poetry are devoted to
the creation of a singular masterpiece in the tradition of the
epic poets. All the greatest stories in history were originally
captured and recreated for audiences as masterful works
of poetry. These stories were passed down for centuries
in an oral tradition, and eventually, they were recorded on
papyrus scrolls and stored in great libraries.
Those who wish to record their own epic poems
spend their early years studying philosophy, aesthetics,
and music, so that they have the necessary language
to capture the splendor of great deeds. However, an
epic poet cannot spend all their life in the Academy.
Eventually, they must seek out great conflicts, for great
conflicts produce great heroes, and great heroes produce great deeds.
As such, you have prepared yourself for a life of turmoil, chasing after warriors who brave impossible odds.
You have learned to transcribe events faithfully, even
in the chaos of battle. You know that if your quill slips
at a pivotal moment, the beauty of that instant may be
forever lost to history.

Verse Counts & Party Size
These verse counts are based on a party size of six. If
you have less than six members in your party, then the
required verse counts are reduced. Multiply your party
size by the poem rank to determine the required verse
count. For example, if you have 3 party members, then
your required verse count for rank 6 is equal to 18 (3 x 6)

Epic Poem Ranks and Effects
Poem
Rank

Required Verse
Count

Bardic Inspiration
Improvement

1

6

Minimum Value = 2

2

12

Epic Courage

3

18

Minimum Value = 3

4

24

Epic Foresight

5

30

Minimum Value = 4

6

36

Epic Determination

7

42

Minimum Value = 5

8

48

Epic Reflexes

Epic Verses

9

54

Minimum Value = 6

Starting when you join the College of Epic Poetry at
3rd level, you begin composing your epic poem. When
certain significant events occur during your travels or
during combat, you may use your reaction to compose
a new epic verse. Significant events are defined as any
of the following things happening to you or one of your
allies by chance (e.g. your party cannot deliberately force
them to happen by repetition). You must be able to see
or hear the event happen.

10

60

Epic Resistance

• Comedy: Someone rolls a natural 1 on an attack or
saving throw.

• Hubris: Someone rolls a natural 20 on an attack or
saving throw.

• Irony: Someone fails a saving throw after adding a
Bardic Inspiration die.

• Tragedy: Someone is reduced to zero hit points by
an enemy.

Additionally, any particularly exciting event that seems
to warrant inclusion in your poem is eligible as long as
the GM approves—but don’t push it.
Each time you compose a new epic verse, you must
declare that you are doing so. If the GM approves, then
you may add 1 verse to your poem. You may also want
to write down what happened and why, so that you
can enjoy reading it later, but this is not required. Your
poem increases in rank as the number of verses grows.

Inspirational Verses
Starting at 3rd level, when you give someone Bardic
Inspiration, you recite a portion of your epic poem,
which improves the effect of the dice based upon the
rank of your poem.
Improved Rolls. Your Bardic Inspiration dice have a
minimum result value based on the number of verses
that you’ve collected. Whenever someone rolls one of
your Bardic Inspiration dice, if they roll less than the
minimum value for your poem rank, then the result
is equal to the minimum value as determined by your
poem rank.
Additional Effects. Your Bardic Inspiration dice
have additional effects based on the number of verses
that you’ve collected. When you give someone Bardic
Inspiration, choose one of the following effects that you
have unlocked. They gain the benefit of this effect as
long as they have your Bardic Inspiration die. The effect
is lost when they roll the die.

• Epic Courage: You gain advantage on saving throws
against effects that would frighten you.

• Epic Determination: You gain advantage on death
saving throws.

• Epic Foresight: You cannot be surprised, and your
passive Perception increases by +5.

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

323

• Epic Reflexes: You gain advantage on saving throws
against spells that affect multiple targets.

• Epic Resistance: You gain resistance to one damage
type (Bard’s choice).

Armored Poet
Starting at 6th level, you gain proficiency with medium
armor, so that you can get close to the fighting while composing your poem. Additionally, if you are within 5 feet of
an ally when you compose an epic verse about them, then
you regain one expended Bardic Inspiration die.

Protective Epithets
Starting at 14th level, the lyrical epithets that you've
selected for your allies take on magical properties, protecting them from death. Whenever a character with

Assigning Epithets
If you’d like to add some extra creativity to this process, then
you should consider assigning an epithet to each of your
allies. Epithets are short compound titles like ‘rosy-cheeked,’
‘strong-willed,’ or ‘clear-eyed.’ Epic poets use epithets to
emphasize a character’s most distinguished qualities. Refer
to your allies by their epithets when you record verses
in your poem, like so: “Stern-faced Orion swings and
misses!” Please be respectful—don’t choose an epithet
that would make your fellow players uncomfortable.

your Bardic Inspiration die would be reduced to 0 hit
points, they may choose to roll their Bardic Inspiration
die and be reduced to that number of hit points instead.
The Bardic Inspiration die is then lost.

Cleric
PROPHECY DOMAIN

The Prophecy domain focuses on foretelling danger and
preventing harmful outcomes. Clerics of this domain are
also known as “oracles.” Oracles pay special attention to
dreams, intuitive thoughts, and hallucinatory visions.
They are widely believed to be capable of predicting the
future, though their visions are often misinterpreted.
They live by the phrase, “know thyself.”
Oracles often carry special varieties of incense and
holy water with them. The holy water may be boiled
to produce vapors, which the oracle inhales in order to
enter a trance-like state. During such a trance, the oracle
thrashes and wails as they experience flashes of divine
insight. They often employ scribes to write down their
words, so that they may be recalled later.

Prophecy Domain Spells
• 1st Level: detect magic, identify
• 3rd Level: augury, locate object
• 5th Level: beacon of hope, clairvoyance
• 7th Level: death ward, divination
• 9th Level: dream, scrying

Mindful Senses
When you choose this domain at 1st level, you gain
the message cantrip if you don’t already know it.
Additionally, you gain proficiency in the Perception skill.

Blessing of Foresight
Starting at 1st level, you use your divination spells to protect your allies from future events. Whenever you cast a
divination spell of 1st level or higher, choose one creature
you can see. That creature gains temporary hit points
equal to your Wisdom modifier + your cleric level.
324

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

Channel Divinity:
Prophetic Trance
Starting at 2nd level, you can use your Channel
Divinity to enter a prophetic trance. As an action, you
inhale hallucinatory vapors and enter a trance-like
state for 10 minutes. Roll two d20s and record the
numbers rolled. You can replace any attack roll, saving
throw, or ability check made by you or a creature that
you can see with one of these prophecy rolls. You must
choose to do so before the roll is made. Each prophecy
roll can be used only once. You lose the prophecy rolls
when your trance ends.

Visions of Danger
Starting at 6th level, you experience flashes of foresight
that reveal to you when your allies will be harmed,
allowing you to react with uncanny speed. When you
ready a spell that restores hit points, it does not require
or break concentration. Additionally, when one of your
allies takes damage or fails a saving throw, you may
use your reaction to move up to your speed and cast
a beneficial spell that only targets your imperiled ally.
The casting time of the spell must be a reaction, action,
or bonus action. You may use this feature twice, and
you regain any expended uses when you finish a short
or long rest.

Healing Vapors
Starting at 8th level, your healing spells are accompanied
by a mist of restorative vapors. Whenever you use a spell
of 1st level or higher to restore hit points to a creature,
the creature regains additional hit points equal to your
Wisdom modifier.

The Oracle is not the only creature in Thylea with
the power of prophecy. Over the centuries, others
have exhibited the same gift as Versi. The power is
exceedingly rare, and it seems unaffected by one's
bloodline. Even the lowest of mortals may experience
visions of the future, though few are wise enough
to use the knowledge well. My sister seeks out those
with the gift, hoping to offer them guidance. It's
dangerous business, meddling with Fate.
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music

326

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

Additionally, when you cast a spell of 1st level or
higher that restores hit points, you may choose to add
the effect of fog cloud at the location of one of your
targets. You must complete a long rest before you can
create another fog cloud with this feature.

Perfect Foresight
Starting at 17th level, your prophetic powers are nearly
infallible. When you enter a prophetic trance with
Channel Divinity, you may choose to replace the result
of either d20 prophecy roll with any number between 1
and 19 of your choice. Additionally, while you are in the
trance, you gain darkvision out to a range of 60 feet, and
you can see invisible creatures and objectives within 10
feet of you that are within line of sight.

Druid
It was the Dragonlords who brought their
foreign notions of good and evil to Thylea.
Before their arrival, it was understood that
the gods and Titans are not to be challenged;
they are only to be honored and appeased. If
lives must be sacrificed to calm their anger,
then that is the ultimate good. Clinging to
life is not only pathetic; it's an insult to the
Mistress of Death, who has been charged with
shepherding each soul at its appointed time.
— Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria

Ritual of Mistletoe
Starting at 6th level, you carry a pouch full of mistletoe
that you’ve collected with your sickle. You have sprigs of
mistletoe represented by a number of d4s equal to your
druid level. On your turn, you may use a bonus action to
expend one of the sprigs of mistletoe and perform one
of the following effects:

• Divining Ritual: You cast detect magic without using
a spell slot.

• Healing Ritual: You cast cure wounds as a 1st-level
spell without using a spell slot.

• Purification Ritual: You cast purify food and drink
without using a spell slot.

• Song of the Solstice: You cast heroism as a 1st-level
spell without using a spell slot.

CIRCLE OF SACRIFICE

Druids of the Circle of Sacrifice believe that nature
connects one to the entire universe, including the
stars and the astral void between planes. They know
that immutable laws have been set down by the great
powers of the universe and that sacrifices must be
made to these powers in order to keep the balance.
Such sacrifices take the form of great bonfires, wherein
fallen creatures are immolated.
Druids who keep the Circle of Sacrifice are sometimes
called the Keepers of the Old Ways, and they revere mistletoe as a sacred plant connected to the infinite power
of the astral plane. Mistletoe must be harvested with
extreme care, following rituals that ensure that the plant
maintains its potency.
As one of the keepers of the Old Ways, you sometimes
gather with others of your kind at sacred rings of standing stones. These standing stones connect the natural
world to the heavens and the astral void.

Ritual of Sacrifice
Starting at 2nd level, you learn how to perform a
sacrificial ritual that pleases the gods. You know the
produce flame cantrip. When you make an attack
with produce flame, add your Wisdom modifier to the
damage roll.
Immolation. Whenever you reduce a creature to 0
hit points, you may choose to immolate them as a sacrificial offering. As the creature is engulfed in fire, you
and every ally within 60 feet of the immolated creature
gain the effects of the bless spell for 1 minute (concentration is not required). You may use this feature a
number of times equal to your Wisdom modifier, and
you regain all expended uses after a short or long rest.

Additionally, any time you cast a spell that restores
hit points, you may expend any number of sprigs of
mistletoe to roll those dice and add them to the number
of hit points restored. You regain all expended sprigs of
mistletoe after completing a long rest.

Keeper of the Law
Starting at 10th level, you are initiated into an ancient
order of druidic judges who keep and enforce the laws of
the cosmos. Your sprigs of mistletoe increase to d6s.
Sacrificial Offering. On your turn, you may use a
bonus action to choose one creature that you can see.
That creature is marked as a Sacrificial Offering for the
next hour. Whenever any of your allies hit that creature
with an attack, you may use a reaction to expend one of
your sprigs of mistletoe to roll the die and add the result
as fire damage. Additionally, whenever a Sacrificial
Offering is reduced to 0 hit points, you may activate
your Immolation feature on that creature.
Restoration Ritual. On your turn, you may use an
action to expend two sprigs of mistletoe to cast the
lesser restoration spell.

Astrological Wisdom
Starting at 14th level, you have studied the stars and
memorized the pathways that connect the material
plane to the astral plane. Your sprigs of mistletoe
increase to d8s. Additionally, you gain access to the teleportation circle spell and always have it prepared.
Stone Circle. You know the ancient methods used to
construct a circle of standing stones. You may spend
8 hours and 12,000 gp to construct a circle of twelve
standing stones inscribed with druidic sigils, where
each stone is 10 feet tall and weighs 1 ton. This stone
circle may be used as a permanent anchor location for
the teleportation circle spell.
Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

327

Fighter
HOPLITE SOLDIER

The rank-and-file warriors of large cities are sometimes
trained to fight in large armies of identically-outfitted
soldiers called hoplites. Hoplites fight behind heavy
shields, which have notches to accommodate the use of
spears and javelins. Additionally, they may carry a sword
called a xiphos for close quarters combat. Hoplites are
famous for the use of the phalanx formation, which
allows many soldiers to band together closely, benefiting
from the protection of their neighbor’s shield.

Optional Fighting Style: Hoplite
When you select your fighting style at 1st level, you may
choose this one. While you are wielding a shield, you are
alert to attacks made against nearby allies. Whenever
a creature attacks an ally standing within 5 feet of you
with a melee attack, you may use your reaction to make a
melee opportunity attack against the offending creature.

Phalanx (Shield Wall)
Starting when you choose this archetype at 3rd level,
you can use a bonus action to activate your Shield Wall
ability. You may use this ability once, and you regain the
ability to do so after completing a long rest.
Shield Wall. For 1 minute, you and every ally who
can see or hear you gains +2 AC as long as they are
standing within 5 feet of an ally who is using a shield.
Additionally, your allies wielding shields gain an additional +1 AC from their own shields (this includes you).
This ability does not stack with itself.

Spear Mastery
Starting at 7th level, your damage dice with spears,
tridents, and javelins increases to d8 (d10 when wielded

with two hands), and your melee attack range with these
weapons is increased to 10 feet. When you make an
attack with one of these weapons, you may use a bonus
action to make a melee attack with the opposite end of
the weapon. This attack uses the same ability modifier
as the primary attack. The weapon’s damage die for this
attack is a d4, and it deals bludgeoning damage.

Disciplined Defense
Starting at 10th level, you are practiced at using your
shield to intercede and protect allies. When a creature
you can see attacks a target other than you that is within
5 feet of you, you can use your reaction to add your
proficiency bonus to the target's AC until the beginning
of your next turn. You must be wielding a shield.

Shield Buster
Starting at 15th level, your attacks score a critical hit
on a roll of 19 or 20. When you score a critical hit with
a melee weapon, you knock away your target’s shield if
they are wielding one. The shield lands in a free space up
to 10 ft. away. If your target is not wielding a shield, then
they suffer an additional d6 damage from the sheer force
of your weapon attack.

Phalanx Wrecker
Starting at 18th level, you have become a whirling
machine of death in close quarters combat. When
you take the Attack action, you can forgo one of your
attacks to make a single melee attack against any
number of creatures within 5 feet of you, with a separate attack roll for each target.

Monk
WAY OF THE SHIELD

Some monasteries teach a specialized form of combat
that is very different from traditional monk fighting
techniques. This style is known as the Way of the Shield,
and it emphasizes the shield as a living extension of the
warrior. Monks of this tradition train to take advantage
of shields and polearms, so that they can fight with or
against large armies of hoplites in phalanx formations.
Such monks commonly wear long red cloaks to disguise
their intentions and add fluidity to their movements.
Temples that teach the Way of the Shield are often
decorated with scrolls that exalt the feats of warriors who are fearless when faced with impossible
odds. Massive armies may be surprised to encounter

resistance from a proud band of shield monks with less
than a tenth of their numbers. Grandmasters of this
tradition have even been known to stand alone against
creatures many times their size.

Aresian Technique
Starting when you choose this tradition at 3rd level, you
gain proficiency with shields. Additionally, wielding a
shield does not impede your Martial Arts, Unarmored
Movement, or Unarmored Defense features. You may
also use your shield as a “free hand” to catch and hold
missile weapons with your Deflect Missiles feature.
As long as you are wielding a shield, opportunity
attacks against you are made with disadvantage.
Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

329

Shield Dancer

Shell of the Dragon Turtle

Starting at 6th level, you have learned new techniques
for using shields on the battlefield.
Vaulting Strike. As a bonus action on your turn,
you may spend 1 ki point to vault yourself into the air,
leaping up to 15 feet in any direction. If you are wielding
a shield, then this leap does not provoke opportunity
attacks. If you take an Attack action immediately after
leaping, then you have advantage on your first melee
attack, and it scores a critical hit on a roll of 19 or 20.
Counterattack. Whenever a creature makes an
opportunity attack against you and misses, if you are
using a shield, you may use your reaction to spin around
and make a single melee weapon attack against that
creature, without interrupting your movement.

Starting at 11th level, you have learned to think of your
shield as an extension of your body. As a reaction when
you are attacked, you may spend 1 ki point to gain an
additional +3 AC from your shield, including against the
triggering attack, until the beginning of your next turn.

Undaunted Spirit
Beginning at 17th level, you are fearless when faced
with overwhelming enemies. You have advantage on all
attacks made against creatures that are Huge in size or
larger. Additionally, you cannot be frightened or paralyzed by spells or abilities used by such creatures.

Paladin
OATH OF THE
DRAGONLORD

Dragonlords are paladins who seek to extend their reach
across the land by binding a dragon into their service.
Such a task should never be undertaken lightly. Forming
a true bond with a dragon requires a paladin to hatch
a dragon egg and raise the wyrmling from the first
moment it draws breath. Raising a dragon in this way
requires the paladin to lay their life on the line by swearing an oath. This oath creates a reciprocal bond between
the paladin’s soul and the soul of the dragon.
But finding a dragon egg is no easy task either. For this
reason, Dragonlords summon pseudodragon familiars
and train them to seek out the perfect egg. This process
may take years, and many paladins come to view the
pseudodragon as a partner in the oath. When an egg is
finally discovered, the paladin and the pseudodragon
may share an almost parental pride in the hatchling.
Once the paladin’s dragon is grown, its master
becomes a true Dragonlord. But the paladin is as much a
servant to the dragon as the dragon is to its master. The
two are one—their destinies are interlinked—and whatsoever pain is suffered by one is also felt by the other.

Oath Spells
Starting when you swear your oath at 3rd level, you gain
Oath Spells at the listed levels and always have them
prepared.

• Level 3: hunter's mark, find familiar
• Level 5: gust of wind, levitate
• Level 9: fly, haste
• Level 13: freedom of movement, stoneskin
• Level 17: hold monster, telepathic bond

330

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

Pseudodragon Familiar
When you cast the find familiar spell, you summon
a pseudodragon instead of one of the normal forms
described in the spell. The pseudodragon's primary purpose is to find you a dragon egg. The pseudodragon can
smell dragon eggs if they are within one mile.
The pseudodragon is likely to find a dragon egg by
the time you are 5th level, but it might be earlier. If
your pseudodragon hasn’t found a dragon egg by 6th
level, then it departs in search of one. In 3d6 days, the
pseudodragon returns to you with a dragon egg of your
choice from this list: brass, bronze, copper, or silver.
If at any time your dragon egg is lost or destroyed,
your pseudodragon will depart in search of another one.
It will return in 3d6 days with the lost egg or a suitable
replacement. If you deliberately lose or destroy your egg,
then your pseudodragon refuses to perform this service.

Channel Divinity
When you take this oath at 3rd level, you gain the following two Channel Divinity options.
Dragon’s Wrath. As an action, you can mimic the
frightful presence of a dragon, using your Channel
Divinity. You issue a roar as loud as an adult dragon.
Each creature of your choice that is within 60 ft. of you
and aware of you must succeed on a DC 14 Wisdom
saving throw or become frightened for 1 minute. A creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its
turns, ending the effect on itself on a success.
Scorn the Unworthy. Your dragonlord oath elevates
you above the multitudes of the corrupt and the weak.
As an action, you can intone the Dragonlord’s oath,
using your Channel Divinity. Enemy creatures within
30 feet that are Large or smaller in size must make a
Charisma saving throw. On a failed save, the creature
falls prone and loses concentration on any spells that it
has active.

Dragonlord’s Bond
At 7th level, your dragon egg will hatch. You must cast
the spell bond of the dragonlords while touching the
newborn wyrmling within 24 hours of it hatching. The
dragon wyrmling is now bonded to you. Additionally,
you may cast the spells bond of the dragonlords and dirge
of the dragonlords, and they require no material components when you cast them. Your wyrmling has hit points
equal to 40 + twice your paladin level, and it adds your
proficiency bonus to its saving throws.

Young Dragon
By 15th level, your dragon grows into a young dragon
of the appropriate type if five years have not yet passed

since its hatching. The dragon will now allow itself to
be used as a mount. In addition, while mounted on
a dragon, you gain that dragon’s damage resistances,
damage immunities, and senses (blindsight, darkvision,
and its passive Perception if it is greater than yours).

Unbreakable Bond
By 20th level, you and your dragon have learned to fight
in unison on the battlefield. Your dragon gains access
to its Multiattack feature, and its breath weapon now
recharges using the normal rules each round instead of
using the restriction outlined in bond of the dragonlords.
Additionally, when your dragon fails a saving throw,
you may choose to have it succeed instead. This ability
recharges after you and the dragon complete a long rest.

Ranger
AMAZONIAN CONCLAVE

Stimfay Companion

The Amazons are a warrior culture that emphasize the
strength of the individual, in contrast to societies that
defend themselves with large armies of hoplites and
mounted cavalry. A typical Amazonian conclave will
outline its territory, usually an island, and fight viciously
to drive away trespassers. When the territory is threatened, they may band together into war parties, whose
collective battlecries are said to strike fear into enemies
up to a mile away.
A lone Amazonian huntress relies upon her mechanical companion, an avian stimfay, for support in battle.
Every huntress learns to build and repair these mechanical birds when they are young, often forming deep and
lasting bonds with the strange creatures. Each huntress
is formidable in close quarters with her deadly kopis
blade, but she also trains with an exotic ranged weapon
called the chakram.
Amazonian conclaves are ruled by women, and huntresses are almost exclusively female. Men are generally
regarded as the weaker sex, but they may be trained in
the arts on occasion—for example, when a mother who
wishes for a daughter is given a son instead.

At 3rd level, you construct a stimfay companion to accompany you on your travels. Stimfay are clockwork birds
of prey that assist an Amazon with stalking her quarry.
Choose from the following list of creatures for your
stimfay’s appearance: eagle, harrier, hawk, kite, osprey, owl,
or archaeopteryx. Your stimfay’s appearance does not
affect its abilities, but it does influence its personality.
In areas that are open to the sky, you can direct your
stimfay to spend 10 minutes scouting the surrounding 1
mile radius and report back to you with anything it has
seen. It comprehends instructions that you give it in any
language. It speaks in a series of clicks and squawks that
only you can understand.
The stimfay obeys your commands to the best of its
abilities, and it acts on your initiative in combat. If you
are incapacitated, your stimfay acts on its own.
Your stimfay has hit points equal to 15 + your ranger
level, and it adds your proficiency bonus to its attacks,
damage, saving throws, and ability save DCs. It regains
any lost hit points during a long rest. If it is ever
destroyed, you may spend 8 hours to fully repair it.

Amazonian Magic

At 3rd level, you gain the ability to enter the legendary
frenzy of the Amazons by shouting your signature battlecry. On your turn, you can use a bonus action to shout
your battlecry and enter a frenzy. Your frenzy lasts for 1
minute and grants you the following benefits. It ends after
you take damage—or when you are knocked unconscious.

Starting at 3rd level, you learn an additional spell when
you reach certain levels in this class, as shown in the
Amazonian Spells table. The spell counts as a ranger
spell for you, but it doesn’t count against the number of
ranger spells you know.

• Level 3: command
• Level 5: find steed
• Level 9: haste
• Level 13: confusion
• Level 17: mislead

Amazonian Battlecry

• You have advantage on attacks against creatures of
your favored enemy type.

• You have resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and
slashing damage.

• You have advantage on saving throws against being
frightened or paralyzed.

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

333

You can use this feature a number of times equal to
your Wisdom modifier (a minimum of once). You regain
any expended uses when you finish a long rest.

The Amazons of Themis are fiercely loyal and true
to their ancient code. The sisterhood have developed
many secret techniques over the centuries. Would
that we had more warriors like them in Mytros.
— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

Bracer Reflection
Starting at 5th level, you've learned to reflect attacks
with your bracers. Whenever you would be hit by an
attack, you may use your reaction to shield yourself
with your bracers. You gain a +5 bonus to AC against all
attacks, including the attack that provoked this reaction,
until the beginning of your next turn. You may use this
feature a number of times equal to your Wisdom modifier (a minimum of once), and you regain all expended
uses when you finish a short or long rest.

Chakram Technique
Starting at 7th level, you’ve learned the famous
Amazonian technique of ricocheting your chakram to
hit multiple targets. You can also throw it at targets that
are not in your line of sight, such as around corners.
You can use your action to make a ranged attack with
your chakram against one target. If your attack hits,
then any number of additional creatures of your choice
within 10 feet of that target must make a Dexterity
saving throw using your spell save DC. Each creature
that fails the save takes the same amount of damage as
your first target.
Thylean Weapon: Chakram
Martial Weapon. Damage: 1d6 slashing. Properties:
Thrown (range 60/120 ft.), light, finesse, special: The
chakram returns to you when thrown, unless you fumble the
attack by rolling a natural 1. Weight: 2 lbs. Cost 10 gp.

Stimfay

Armor Class 13 (natural armor)
Hit Points 21 (6d6)
Speed 10 ft., fly 80 ft.
INT
6 (-2)

WIS
8 (-1)

CHA
7 (-2)

Skills Perception +3
Damage Immunities fire, poison, psychic
Condition Immunities poisoned, charmed
Senses Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 13
Challenge 1/2 (100 XP)
Keen Sight. The stimfay has advantage on Wisdom
(Perception) checks that rely on sight.
Immutable Form. The stimfay is immune to any spell or
effect that would alter its form.

334

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

At 11th level, your stimfay matures. It gains a bonus to
its AC equal to your proficiency bonus, and it now has
hit points equal to 30 + your ranger level. The damage
dice for its Talons, Pinion Storm, and Piercing Screech
increase to 2d6, and its attacks are now magical.
Additionally, any time you would take damage from
an attack or an effect that you can see, you may use your
reaction to have your stimfay intercept the attack or effect
and take the damage instead of you. Your stimfay must
be functional and ready to assist you in order to use this
ability, and it must be located within 60 feet of you.

Pressure Points
Starting at 15th level, you know how to attack pressure
points in your opponent’s body that will cut off the
blood supply to their brain. On your turn, you may use
a bonus action to make a special melee attack against
one creature. If the attack hits, the creature must make
a Constitution saving throw versus your spell save DC.
On a failure, the creature is paralyzed for 1 minute or
until you use a bonus action to touch them and reverse
the effect. At the end of each of the creature’s turns, it
repeats the saving throw and the effect ends if it succeeds. You may use this ability a number of times equal
to your Wisdom modifier, and you regain all expended
uses after a short or long rest.
Automated Helper. The stimfay can carry a single potion
and administer it to any willing creature as an action.
Additionally, the stimfay can use a bonus action to
stabilize a dying creature that it can touch.

Tiny construct, unaligned

STR
DEX
CON
10 (+0) 11 (+0) 10 (+0)

Improved Falconry

Distracting Nuisance. When the stimfay successfully
hits a creature with its talons, that creature cannot
make opportunity attacks until the beginning of its
next turn.

Actions
Talons. Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 1d6 slashing damage.
Pinion Storm. Ranged Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, range
60 ft., one target. Hit: 1d6 piercing damage.
Piercing Screech. The stimfay emits an ear-splitting cry
directed at one creature of your choice. The target must
succeed on a DC 10 Constitution saving throw or else
it takes 1d6 psychic damage and is deafened until the
beginning of the stimfay’s next turn.

Rogue
THE ODYSSEAN

Odysseans are legendary tricksters who at first glance
seem like common soldiers. They carry spears and
shields like any rank-and-file hoplite, but rather than
moving in strict formations or honing their discipline,
Odysseans hone their minds. When two armies smash
together, shields bursting under the strain of a perfect
phalanx, the Odyssean is the soldier who stands back
and searches for weaknesses in the enemy’s defenses.
Even when badly outnumbered, they may find a way to
exploit conditions on the battlefield to turn the tide in
the favor of their allies.
Soldiers who exhibit such a sharp mind quickly grow in
notoriety and fame, but being famed for your cleverness
is a double-edged sword. Odysseans are often drawn into
conflicts that take them far from home, where monsters
and other dangers are a constant threat. Such harrowing
odysseys are the namesake of the Odyssean, who may be
forced to survive several such journeys in their lifetime.
As an Odyssean rogue, you have a quick mind and
you can intuit the strengths of your companions. You
enjoy using your intelligence to trick your enemies and
impress your friends. However, you know that you must
never let your mind grow dull, for when the time comes
that you are again flung into the wilderness, it will be
your wits alone that save you from a gruesome death.

Vagrant Soldier
Despite your roguish demeanor, you have all the training
of a common soldier. When you choose this archetype at
3rd level, you gain proficiency with shields. Additionally,
spears and tridents count as finesse weapons for you.

Clever as the Gods
Starting at 3rd level, you are rarely outwitted on the field
of battle. On your turn, you may use your bonus action

to devise a clever plan to trick an enemy. Choose one
creature that you can see. Make a Charisma (Deception)
roll contested by that creature’s Wisdom (Insight). If
you win the contest, you and your allies have advantage
on attacks against that creature until the beginning of
your next turn. This feature cannot be used on the same
creature more than once per combat encounter.

Notorious Trickster
Starting at 9th level, you are famed for your cleverness,
to the point where intelligent enemies are extremely
wary of you. Creatures who are aware of your presence
but cannot see you become too distracted to perform opportunity attacks until they can see you again.
Additionally, when you hit a creature with a Sneak
Attack, if that creature is concentrating on a spell, they
have disadvantage on the roll to maintain concentration.

Tenacious Survivor
At 13th level, you’ve survived through so many ordeals
that you face each new challenge with grim determination. You can add your Charisma bonus to your initiative
rolls. Also, at the beginning of your first turn in combat,
you may use a bonus action to take a deep breath and
regain hit points equal to your rogue level. You may use
this feature a number of times equal to your Charisma
modifier, and you regain any expended uses when you
finish a short or long rest.

Legendary Cunning
Starting at 17th level, you are able to instantly assess
every opportunity to seize the upper hand in combat.
Whenever any of your allies makes an opportunity
attack against a creature, you may choose to make
a ranged attack against that same creature with
advantage.

Sorcerer
DEMIGOD ORIGIN

Your magic springs from the divine blood that flows
through your veins. The gods have often been known to
consort with mortals, and such unions sometimes produce half-divine offspring. These individuals are called
demigods, and many of them are born with a powerful
aptitude for magic.
Demigods exhibit powers that are related to the
domain of their godly ancestor, but their magic is not
constrained by this association. Rather, they may channel

the power in their blood to improve the efficacy of any
spell, regardless of its type. Additionally, the divine
power that courses through their blood makes demigods
impressive specimens of both physical fitness and beauty.

Godly Ancestor
Starting at 1st level, choose the divine domain of your
godly ancestor from the following list. You can cast each
of the associated spells once without using any spell
slots, and you regain the ability to do so after completing
a short or long rest.
Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

335

Additionally, whenever you make a Charisma check
when interacting with gods or celestials, your proficiency bonus is doubled if it applies to the check.
Demigod Domains and Spells
Divine Domain

Associated Spells

Death

bane, ray of sickness

Knowledge

command, guiding bolt

Life

cure wounds, bless

Nature

entangle, healing word

Light

burning hands, faerie fire

Tempest

fog cloud, thunderwave

Trickery

charm person, hideous laughter

War

shield of faith, thunderous smite

Empowered Magic
Starting at 6th level, echoes of divine power flow
through your spells. When you cast a spell, you may
spend 1 sorcery point to increase the spell's level by 1.
You cannot use this feature to increase a spell’s level by
more than 1. For example, if you use a 5th-level spell
slot to cast fireball as a 5th-level spell, you may spend 1
sorcery point to cast the spell at 6th level instead.

Divine Resistance
Starting at 14th level, your divine blood allows you
to shrug off effects that would destroy mere mortals.
When you fail a saving throw, you may choose to succeed instead. You may use this feature once, and you
regain the ability to do so after completing a long rest.

Ascendant Sorcery

Inherited Strength
Starting at 1st level, your godly lineage bestows you with
extraordinary strength for someone without martial
training. You are proficient in Strength saving throws.
Additionally, you may choose to add your Charisma
modifier to melee attack and damage rolls instead of
your Strength.

Starting at 18th level, your power has begun to rival
your divine ancestor’s. When you use the Empowered
Magic feature, you may increase the spell’s level by more
than 1. You must spend 1 sorcery point for each level
that you add to the spell.

Warlock
PATRON: THE FATES

Your otherworldy patron is actually a trio of ancient
beings: the coven of hags known as the Fates. The Fates
weave the destinies of all gods and mortals in their magical loom, but whether they manipulate fate or merely
record it is unknown. You have sworn yourself into the
service of the Fates, and they sometimes reward you
with glimpses into the future. However, you know that
the Fates are utterly evil—whatever power that your pact
affords you may pale in comparison to the ugly fate that
they have likely prepared for you.

Expanded Spell List
The Fates let you choose from an expanded list of spells
when you learn a warlock spell. The following spells are
added to the warlock spell list for you.

• 1st Level: detect evil and good, identify
• 2nd Level: levitate, see invisibility
• 3rd Level: clairvoyance, call lightning
• 4th Level: arcane eye, divination
• 5th Level: planar binding, geas

Fate’s Bidding
Starting at 1st level, you are expected to consult
with the Fates each morning to learn what they have
336

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

planned for you. You can cast one divination spell
without expending a spell slot immediately after
completing a short or long rest. If you do so, you
gain temporary hit points equal to your warlock level
(minimum of 1). You must choose a spell that you
could normally cast, and you must have the necessary
material components.

Fate’s Foretelling
Starting at 6th level, you can call on the Fates to foretell
future events. When you finish a short or long rest, roll
1d20 and record the number you rolled. You can replace
any attack roll, saving throw, or ability check made by
you or a creature that you can see with this roll. You
must choose to do so before the roll. This foretelling roll
can be used only once. When you finish a short or long
rest, you lose any unused foretelling rolls.

Fate’s Demands
Starting at 10th level, the weight of your servitude
grows heavy, and the burden only lessens when you help
another creature meet its fate. Each time you reduce a
creature to 0 hit points, you regain one expended spell
slot. You may use this feature twice, and you regain any
expended uses when you finish a long rest.

Inescapable Fate
Starting at 14th level, you learn to accelerate the
entropic power of fate. You can use an action to force a
creature you can see to make a Wisdom saving throw.
If the creature is unaware of your presence, then it has
disadvantage on the roll. If the creature fails the saving
throw, choose another creature that you can see. The
first creature is compelled by fate to move toward the
second creature for 1 minute.

At the beginning of each of the first creature’s turns,
if it is not located within 5 feet of the second creature,
then the first creature takes 2d10 psychic damage,
and it must use its full movement to move closer to
the second creature, dashing if necessary, even if it
cannot reach them. This effect ends if you or either of
the creatures are reduced to 0 hit points or knocked
unconscious. Once you use this feature, you can’t use
it again until you finish a long rest.

Wizard
ACADEMY PHILOSOPHER

Academy philosophers are great thinkers who do not
specialize in any particular spell school, but rather spend
their time analyzing the nature of reality and applying
that learning to their magic. They usually spend many
years studying at venerable schools where philosophers
from many different disciplines gather. They enjoy
participating in endless debates and dialogues, and they
always seek to score points on those who champion rival
schools of thought.

Philosophical School
Starting at 2nd level, you choose from one of several
philosophical schools to specialize in at your academy.
This school becomes deeply ingrained in your way of
thinking about the world.
School: Cynicism
Cynics believe that one should reject material desires
such as wealth and power. They advocate for an ascetic
lifestyle, seeking to increase virtue by achieving harmony with nature.
Starting when you choose this school at 2nd level, the
gold and time you must spend to copy a spell into your
spellbook is halved. Additionally, you may spend 10
minutes foraging to locate the material components for
any spell, with a total value of 50 gp or less.
School: Eclecticism
Eclectics believe that no single set of doctrines can be
all-encompassing. They adapt the ideas of multiple philosophical schools by choosing what they think is most
reasonable.
Starting when you choose this school at 2nd level, you
learn an additional language of your choice. Starting at
5th level, choose another philosophical school. You gain
the abilities of that school.
School: Empiricism
Empiricists believe that the world must be observed
to be understood, and that the goal of philosophy is to
understand why things are as they are.
338

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

Starting when you choose this school at 2nd level, you
become proficient in the Perception skill. Additionally,
you may cast the identify or detect magic spell once with
this trait (without using a spell slot), and you regain the
ability to do so after completing a short or long rest.
School: Epicureanism
Epicureans believe that the world is ruled by chance and
that appealing to the gods is useless vanity. They believe
that happiness is achieved by minimizing pain and living
simple lives.
Starting when you choose this school at 2nd level,
when a creature you can see attacks you, you can use
your reaction to impose disadvantage on the attack roll.
You may use this ability a number of times equal to your
Intelligence modifier, and it recharges when you complete a short or long rest.
School: Stoicism
Stoics believe that we must develop self-control and
fortitude in order to overcome our own self-destructive
emotions. They advocate for humility and faith as antidotes to suffering.
Starting when you choose this school at 2nd level,
whenever you take damage that reduces you to 0 hit
points or less, you may spend a spell slot of 1st level or
higher to be reduced to 1 hit point instead. Once you
have used this feature, you may not use it again until you
complete a short or long rest.
School: Sophism
Sophists specialize in developing rhetorical and aesthetic powers, and they advocate for principles of excellence and virtue in all endeavors.
Starting when you choose this school at 2nd level,
you become proficient in the Persuasion skill and
double your proficiency bonus when using that skill.
Additionally, you gain the friends cantrip.
School: Hedonism
Hedonists believe that pleasure is the supreme good,
and that everyone should seek to achieve the immediate
gratification of their desires.

Starting when you choose this school at 2nd level,
when you regain hit points from a spell or ability,
you may choose to add twice your wizard level to the
number of hit points restored. Once you have used this
feature, you may not use it again until you complete a
short or long rest.

creatures automatically succeed on their saving throws
against the spell, and they take no damage if they
would normally take half damage on a successful save.
Additionally, when you cast a spell that has an area of
effect radius, you may choose to increase or decrease
the radius by 5 feet.

School: Skepticism
Skeptics believe that to truly possess knowledge of
things is impossible. They believe that there are universal truths, but they cannot be understood well enough
to shape dogmatic ideas about the world.
Starting when you choose this school at 2nd level, you
have advantage on ability checks to detect visual illusions and on saving throws against effects imposed by
them. You also have advantage on saving throws against
spells and effects that would charm you.

Metaphysical Principles

Mathematical Principles

Starting at 14th level, you’ve spent years studying
philosophical paradoxes, which allows you to work
seemingly impossible feats with magic. Whenever you
would lose concentration on a spell for any reason, you
may choose to maintain concentration instead, as long
as you are not incapacitated. You may use this feature
a number of times equal to your Intelligence modifier,
and you regain any expended uses after a long rest.

Starting at 6th level, you have spent years solving
complex mathematical equations, allowing you to
shape your spells with precision and create pockets of
safety for allies. When you cast a spell that affects other
creatures that you can see, you may choose a number
of them equal to your Intelligence modifier. The chosen

Starting at 10th level, you gain new insights into the
nature of causality. Whenever a creature casts a spell
with a single target that you can see, you can use your
reaction to choose a new target for the spell. The new
target must be legal for that spell. Once you have used
this feature, you may not use it again until you complete
a short or long rest.

Magical Paradox

New Spells
Bard Spells

Druid Spells

Sorcerer Spells

Wizard Spells

2nd Level

3rd level

3rd level

2nd Level

Sleeping Draught
(enchantment)

Animal Polymorph
(transmutation)

Animal Polymorph
(transmutation)

Sleeping Draught
(enchantment)

3rd Level

6th Level

6th Level

3rd Level

Dirge of the Dragonlords
(necromancy)

Seeds of Death
(necromancy)

Seeds of Death
(necromancy)

Fatebinding (necromancy)

Paladin Spells

9th Level

Sword of Fate (illusion)

2nd Level

Warlock Spells

Seeds of Death
(necromancy)

2nd Level

9th Level

Fate Binding (necromancy)

5th Level
Sword of Fate (illusion)

Cleric Spells
3rd Level
Dirge of the Dragonlords
(necromancy)

Bond of the Dragonlords
(enchantment)

3rd Level
Dirge of the Dragonlords
(necromancy)

Fatebinding (necromancy)

Ranger Spells

5th Level

3rd Level

Sword of Fate (illusion)

9th Level
Theogenesis (conjuration)

Animal Polymorph
(transmutation)

5th Level

Theogenesis (conjuration)

Sleeping Draught
(enchantment)

6th Level

Theogenesis (conjuration)

3rd Level
Fatebinding (necromancy)

5th Level
Sword of Fate (illusion)

6th Level
Seeds of Death
(necromancy)

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

339

Animal Polymorph
3rd-level transmutation
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 60 feet
Components: V, S
Duration: Concentration, up to 10 minutes
This spell transforms a creature you can see within range
into a new beast form. An unwilling creature must make a
Wisdom saving throw to avoid the effect. A shapechanger
automatically succeeds on this saving throw.
The transformation lasts for the duration, or until the
target drops to 0 hit points or dies. The new form can be
any beast of CR 1 or less that does not have a fly speed.
While in this new form, the target is charmed by you
and views you as a trusted ally. The target can understand simple commands such as “attack” or “stay.” The
charm affects creatures that are immune to charm in
their normal form. The charm ends immediately when
the target reverts to its normal form.
The target’s game statistics, including mental ability
scores, are replaced by the statistics of the chosen beast.
It retains its alignment and personality. The creature is
limited in the actions it can perform by the nature of its
new form, and it can’t speak, cast spells, or take any other
action that requires hands or speech. The creature's gear
melds into its new form. The creature can’t activate, use,
wield, or otherwise benefit from any of its equipment.
The target assumes the hit points of its new form.
When it reverts to its normal form, the creature returns
to the number of hit points it had before it transformed. If
it reverts as a result of dropping to 0 hit points, any excess
damage carries over to its normal form.

Dirge of the Dragonlords
3rd-level necromancy
Casting Time: 1 hour
Range: Touch
Components: V, M (an offering of gems and coins
worth at least 1,000 gp, which the spell consumes)
Duration: Instantaneous
You return a dead dragon that has been bonded to a
Dragonlord back to life. The dragon returns to life with
1 hit point. All of the dragon's mortal wounds are closed,
and any missing body parts are restored.
This spell also neutralizes any poisons and cures
nonmagical diseases that affected the dragon at the time
it died. This spell doesn’t, however, remove magical
diseases, curses, or similar effects; if these aren’t first
removed prior to casting the spell, they take effect when
the dragon returns to life.

Fatebinding
3rd-level necromancy

2nd-level enchantment

Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 30 feet
Components: V
Duration: 1 hour

Casting Time: 1 minute
Range: Touch
Components: V, M (magical armor, shield, weapon,
ring, rod, staff, or wand worth at least 5,000 gp, which
the spell consumes, and an unhatched dragon egg)
Duration: Special

Choose two creatures that you can see. Both creatures
must make Charisma saving throws, and they do so
with advantage if they are hostile to you. If a creature
is charmed by you, it has disadvantage on this saving
throw. If both creatures fail their saving throws, then
their fates are now bound together.

You permanently bond with a newly-hatched metallic
dragon. This requires you to locate an unhatched dragon
egg and spend 1d4 days nurturing the egg so that it
hatches. The hatchling may be any of the following types
of dragon wyrmling: brass, bronze, copper, or silver.
You can confer the bond to another recipient who you
are touching when you cast the spell. A dragon that has
been bonded can never be bonded with another target.
Likewise, this spell cannot be used to bond more than
one dragon to any individual.
Wyrmlings cannot be used as mounts until they grow
into young dragons. A dragon cannot use legendary
actions while it is being used as a mount.

• Whenever one of the creatures takes damage, the

Bond of the Dragonlords

340

Controlling the Dragon. Your dragon moves and acts
on your initiative. You can decide how the dragon moves
and attacks. While your dragon is fighting alongside
you, it loses its multiattack feature. If your dragon has
a breath weapon, it can be used once, and it recharges
after you and the dragon complete a long rest.
If your bonded dragon dies, you will also die within
24 hours unless the dragon is returned to life. You
cannot be raised from the dead unless your bonded
dragon is alive. The same is true for your dragon.

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

other creature takes an identical amount of damage,
unless both creatures took damage from the same
single source, such as a fireball spell.
• Whenever one of the creatures regains hit points,
the other creature regains an identical number of hit
points, unless both creatures regained hit points from
the same single source, such as mass cure wounds.
The two target creatures remain fate-bound for the
duration of the spell, even if both targets are on different
planes of existence.

Seeds of Death
6th-level necromancy
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 30 feet
Components: V, S, M (three or more minotaur teeth
and alchemical fertilizer worth 100 gp)
Duration: Concentration, up to 10 minutes
You throw three minotaur teeth on to the ground in
front of you. At the start of your next turn, three minotaur skeletons erupt from the ground, fully formed.
You can use a bonus action to shout commands at the
minotaur skeletons if they are within 100 ft. of you. Your
commands must be general orders, such as "attack that
enemy" or "guard this room." Once given an order, the
minotaur skeletons will continue to follow it until the
task is complete or until you issue another command.
If the minotaur skeletons are given no commands, they
will attack the nearest creature. When the spell ends, the
minotaur skeletons dissolve into bone dust.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a
spell slot of 7th level or higher, you animate an extra
minotaur skeleton for each slot level above 6th.

Sleeping Draught
2nd-level enchantment
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 20 feet
Components: V, S, M (a draught of liquid)
Duration: 1 minute
You open a draught and a purple mist flows from you
to a target creature. Roll 9d8; if the target creature has
fewer current hit points than the total, then it falls
unconscious. The target remains unconscious until the
spell ends, the sleeper takes damage, or someone uses
an action to shake or slap the sleeper awake. If the target
creature has more hit points than the rolled total, then
it becomes drowsy and its speed is halved, it can’t take
reactions, and it can’t make more than one melee or
ranged attack during its turn. The target remains drowsy
until it takes damage or until the spell ends.
Undead and creatures that are immune to being
charmed aren’t affected by this spell.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a
spell slot of 3rd level or higher, roll an additional 3d8 for
each slot level above the 2nd.

Sword of Fate
5th-level illusion
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 60 feet
Components: V
Duration: 1 hour
Choose a creature that you can see. You create an
illusionary sword that hangs above that creature's head.

Everyone with line of sight can see the sword except for
the affected creature. When you cast the spell you must
shout out one of the following conditions:

• You cannot harm us. The target creature breaks this

condition if they target the spell caster or a companion with an attack or a spell that causes damage.
• You cannot use magic. The target creature breaks this
condition if they cast a spell.
• You cannot leave this area. The target creature breaks
this condition if it moves more than 30 feet from the
spot it was standing when the spell was cast.
If the target creature breaks the condition, it takes
10d8 slashing damage as the blade becomes real and
slices downward. If the target is reduced to 0 hit points,
then one of its heads is removed. If the creature has no
remaining heads, then it is instantly killed.
The sword of fate can be dispelled. In addition, remove
curse will end the spell on the target.

Theogenesis
9th-level conjuration
Casting Time: 1 hour
Range: Touch
Components: V, S, M (offerings worth at least 10,000 gp,
which are consumed, and all three Divine Artifacts: the
Caduceus, the Ambrosia, and the Promethean fire)
Duration: Special
Theogenesis is a powerful spell that is used to place
a divine spark into a mortal creature, unlocking the
potential to ascend to godhood. The artifacts are not
consumed when the spell is cast, but the offerings are.
Choose a single target (non-divine) creature for the
spell. You must remain in contact with the target for the
duration of the casting. If contact is broken, both you
and the target take 20d6 radiant damage, and both the
spell and the offering are wasted. If the spell is successfully cast, then one of the greater gods must decide
whether or not to grant the divine spark. The creature's
relationship with the god determines its chance of
success, and the base chance is 0%. Each of the bonuses
below are cumulative:

• The target shares at least one alignment axis with the
greater god: +20%

• The target has the exact same alignment as the
greater god: +20%

• The target has faithfully worshipped a god in the
same pantheon for at least a year: +20%

• The target has faithfully worshipped the greater god
for at least a year: +30%

Failure means that the greater god decides not to grant
the divine spark. That greater god can’t be chosen again
if the spell is cast on the same target. Success means that
the target has been permanently granted a divine spark.
It can only be removed with a wish spell.
Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

341

Appendix D: Dramatis Personae
This section contains biographical and statistical information for most of the major characters in the story.

THE ELDER TITANS
Thylea
The goddess Thylea has given her name to the
Forgotten Land and has taken the form of a gargantuan
tree at the heart of the sacred forest. Her followers
believe that her roots reach deep into the earth, holding
the world in her eternal embrace. Although she is a
generous, life-giving goddess, she has been silent since
the dawn of time, and as a consequence, very little is
known about her.
It is known that she created the land eons ago. She
is the lost sister of some elder pantheon. Unlike her
siblings, she wished to live apart from the mortal races
and created Thylea as a refuge from civilization. It
was to be a place where nature and fey magic could
flourish, without the corrupting influences of mortal

Kentimane

Gargantuan celestial fey, neutral
Armor Class 22 (natural armor)
Hit Points 820 (40d20 + 400)
Speed 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
30 (+10) 16 (+3) 30 (+10) 22 (+6) 22 (+6) 24 (+7)
Saving Throws Str +17, Int +13, Wis +13, Chr +14
Condition Immunities charmed, frightened, paralyzed
Skills Insight +13
Senses truesight 120ft., passive Perception 16
Languages All
Challenge 29 (135,000 XP)
Legendary Resistance (3 times/day). If Kentimane fails a
saving throw, he can choose to succeed instead.
Multiple Heads. Kentimane can take one reaction per
turn, rather than one per round. Kentimane cannot be
blinded, charmed, deafened, frightened, stunned, or
knocked unconscious.
Regeneration. Kentimane regains 20 hit points at the
start of his turn. If Kentimane takes fire damage, this
trait doesn't take effect at the start of his next turn.

Actions
Grab. Melee Weapon Attack: +19 to hit, reach 25 ft., one
target. Hit: 24 (4d6 + 10) bludgeoning damage. The
target is grappled (escape DC 20). If the target is large or

342

Appendix C | New Cl a ss Archet y pes

desires. Accordingly, she created her own pantheon
of Titans, including the Twins, Sydon and Lutheria.
Thylea granted Sydon dominion over the oceans and
charged him with guarding the islands from any mortal
intrusion. Lutheria was granted dominion over the
forests, and she was charged with guarding the islands
against other gods. Thylea, however, failed to anticipate the incredible burden that this would place on
Lutheria’s mind. Gods and demons from other worlds
have attempted to probe the islands for thousands of
years, and over time, this has driven Lutheria mad.

Kentimane
Kentimane is the husband of Thylea. When Thylea
became the land that bears her name, Kentimane
became the guardian of that land. Thylea is nurturing,
but Kentimane is anger personified: he is the hurricane, the earthquake, the volcano. When Thylea needs
defending, he gives little thought to those who are
caught in the storm of the destruction that he summons.

smaller, it is also restrained until the grapple ends. While
grappling the target, Kentimane has advantage on attack
rolls against the target.
Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +19 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 28 (4d8 + 10) piercing damage.
Spit. Ranged Attack: +19 to hit, range 200 ft., one target.
Hit: 24 (7d6) acid damage.

Legendary Actions
Kentimane can take a legendary action every turn up to a
maximum of 100, choosing from the options below. Only
one legendary action option can be used at a time and
only at the end of another creature's turn. Kentimane
regains spent legendary actions at the start of his turn.
Attack. Kentimane makes one attack.
Swallow. Kentimane makes a bite attack against a
Large or smaller creature it is grappling. If the attack
hits, that creature takes the bite's damage and is
swallowed, and the grapple ends. While swallowed,
the creature is blinded and restrained, it has total
cover against attacks and other effects outside
Kentimane, and it takes 21 (6d6) acid damage at the
start of each of the Kentimane's turns. If Kentimane
takes 30 damage or more on a single turn from a
creature inside it, Kentimane must succeed on a DC
20 Constitution saving throw at the end of that turn
or regurgitate the swallowed creature that dealt the
damage, which falls prone in a space within 10 feet of
Kentimane. If Kentimane dies, a swallowed creature
is no longer restrained by it and can escape from the
corpse using 15 feet of movement, exiting prone.

When Kentimane is sleeping, his body still manifests
throughout Thylea. Great stone arms protrude from the
earth like huge trees. The arms make strange landmarks,
and there seems to be no rhyme or reason to their placement across the landscape.
Awake, Kentimane can appear in two forms: in his
lesser form, he is a head protruding from the ground. His
eyes search for foes and his massive arms explode from
the earth to attack them. In his full form, Kentimane
appears as a titanic pillar of legs with dozens of arms protruding from the middle and dozens of heads at the top.
Legends disagree on the point of his exact height, because
his form is always shifting. Kentimane can summon more
arms from the landscape around him to attack his foes
from every direction.

THE TITANS
Lutheria, The Lady of Dreams
“I have no wish to bargain for your soul.
Why should I haggle over that which already
belongs to me?”
—Lutheria, to Estor Arkelander, 28 CE
Lutheria was once a goddess of many things. She
created all the fey races, including satyrs, nymphs,
and dryads. As the sister-wife of Sydon, she suffered
the same losses as the Lord of Storms when humanity
came to Thylea. Her children were slaughtered, and
many of her powers were stolen by the Five Gods. In
the years that followed, a vengeful madness grew in her
mind. Now, Lutheria schemes to capture the souls of
the sinful, to fuel her dream of transforming humanity into brutish beasts, remaking their world into an
endless nightmare.
Lutheria takes the form of a beautiful, black-eyed
woman who sleepwalks through the underworld, greeting
the spirits of the dead. She has a third eye upon her forehead that usually remains closed, but when opened allows
her to see through the eyes of the dead in the underworld.
When she does this, her third eye moves independently
of her other eyes in a disconcerting manner. She carries
a crystal scythe, which she uses to harvest the souls of
those who displeased her during their lives. Lutheria
expects her followers to live without remorse or thought
of the consequences: to drink, dance, and feast to your
heart’s desire, because any day could be your last.
Lutheria views the mortal races as playthings, and
she takes great pleasure in reducing them to the status
of beasts. She created the maenads and goatlings in
mockery of the human settlers, and she delights in the
destruction they cause to outlying villages. She sincerely
believes that she will one day be worshipped by every
living creature in Thylea, and she hopes that this is best
accomplished by deadening minds and appealing to

Lutheria

Huge celestial (empyrean), chaotic evil
Armor Class 22 (natural)
Hit Points 313 (19d12 + 190)
Speed 50 ft., fly 50 ft., swim 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
30 (+10) 21 (+5) 30 (+10) 21 (+5) 22 (+6) 27 (+8)
Saving Throws Str +17, Int +12, Wis +13, Cha +15
Skills Insight +13, Persuasion +15
Damage Immunities bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing
from nonmagical attacks
Senses truesight 120 ft., passive Perception 16
Languages all
Challenge 23 (50,000 XP)
Magic Resistance. Lutheria has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.
Magic Weapons. Lutheria's weapon attacks are magical.
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If Lutheria fails a saving
throw, she can choose to succeed instead.
Innate Spellcasting. Lutheria's innate spellcasting ability
is Charisma (spell save DC 23, +15 to hit with spell
attacks). She can innately cast the following spells,
requiring no material components:
At will: blight, pass without trace, dream, hideous laughter
1/day each: animal shapes, mirage arcane, project image,
finger of death, irresistible dance

Actions
Crystal Scythe. Reach 15 ft. Lutheria sweeps her crystal
scythe through one creature, dealing 23 (3d8 + 10)
slashing damage plus 13 (3d8) necrotic damage.

Legendary Actions
Lutheria can take 3 legendary actions, choosing from
the options below. Only one option can be used at a
time and only at the end of another creature's turn.
Lutheria regains spent legendary actions at the start of
her turn.
Attack. Lutheria makes one attack with her scythe.
Madness (Costs 2 Actions). Lutheria targets one
creature within 180 ft. The target must make a DC
23 Widsom saving throw against this magic or fall
under the effect of the confusion spell. At the end of
each of its turns, an affected target can make a DC 23
Wisdom saving throw. If it succeeds, this effect ends
for that target.
Disrupt Life (Costs 2 Actions). Each non-undead
creature within 20 feet of Lutheria must make a DC 23
Constitution saving throw against this magic, taking
21 (6d6) necrotic damage on a failed save, or half as
much on a successful one.

Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

345

baser instincts. For those who resist, she conjures nightmares as punishment for their lack of faith.
Nevertheless, she is still celebrated in Mytros with
annual wine festivals and secret bacchanals.
Epithets of Lutheria. The Lady of Dreams. The
Queen of Hypnos. The Mistress of Death. Goddess of
the Underworld. Queen of the Nether Sea. The Mad
Goddess. The Twin Titan.
Roleplaying Lutheria
Curious. Lutheria is curious about the lands beyond
Thylea, especially of distant civilizations, gods, and
dragons. She seeks the means to expand her power and
influence, and her ambitions extend beyond the reaches
of the Forgotten Sea.
Apparently Empathetic. Lutheria understands the
hopes, dreams, and fears of mortals far better than most
gods. She is charming and approachable (with just a
tinge of madness in her eyes), and never outwardly judgmental. Thieves, murderers, and other criminals venerate her, taking solace in her apparently forgiving nature.
Few discover her secret loathing for mortal weaknesses
until it’s much too late to escape her scythe.
Manipulative. Lutheria is fond of bargaining with

Sydon, The Lord of Storms
“Allow me to show you the future of
Thylea. And then, perhaps, you may decide whether
you wish to be a part of it.”
—Sydon, to King Acastus of Mytros
Sydon is called the Lord of Storms, but he was once
revered as the lord of all Thylea. He created the most
powerful native races of Thylea: the centaurs, the
gygans, and the cyclopes. When humanity came to
Thlyea, they conquered his lands and slaughtered his
children. Chief among Sydon’s tormentors were the
Dragonlords. In his anger, Sydon destroyed their dragons and sought vengeance—but then the Five Gods
were born. They took his strength for their own, and
forged the Oath of Peace. Now, he is a vengeful and
jealous god who suffers no worship of any gods except

Sydon

Actions

Armor Class 22 (natural)
Hit Points 313 (19d12 + 190)
Speed 50 ft., fly 50 ft., swim 50 ft.

Glaive. Melee Weapon Attack: +17 to hit, reach 10 ft.,
one target. Hit: 23 (3d8 + 10) slashing or bludgeoning
damage (Sydon's choice). If the target is a creature, it
must succeed on a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or
be stunned until the end of Sydon's next turn.

Huge celestial (empyrean), lawful evil

STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
30 (+10) 21 (+5) 30 (+10) 21 (+5) 22 (+6) 27 (+8)
Saving Throws Str +17, Int +12, Wis +13, Cha +15
Skills Insight +13, Persuasion +15
Damage Immunities bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing
from nonmagical attacks
Senses truesight 120 ft., passive Perception 16
Languages all
Challenge 23 (50,000 XP)
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If Sydon fails a saving
throw, he can choose to succeed instead.
Magic Resistance. Sydon has advantage on saving throws
against spells and other magical effects.
Magic Weapons. Sydon's weapon attacks are magical.
Innate Spellcasting. Sydon's innate spellcasting ability
is Charisma (spell save DC 23, +15 to hit with spell
attacks). He can innately cast the following spells,
requiring no material components:
At will: greater restoration, pass without trace, water
breathing, water walk
1/day each: commune, control weather, tsunami, storm of
vengeance, plane shift (self only)

346

mortals, offering them their dreams and riches, but she
will always exact a terrifying price. She is true to her
promises, but she always finds a way to bend and twist
consequences to her advantage, or for her amusement.

Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

Bolt. Ranged Spell Attack: +15 to hit, range 600 ft., one
target. Hit: 24 (7d6) damage of one of the following
types (Sydon's choice): acid, cold, fire, force, lightning,
radiant, or thunder.

Legendary Actions
Sydon can take 3 legendary actions, choosing from
the options below. Only one option can be used at a
time and only at the end of another creature's turn.
Sydon regains spent legendary actions at the start of
his turn.
Attack. Sydon makes one attack with his glaive or bolt.
Lightning Storm (Costs 2 Actions). Sydon creates three
bolts of lightning, each of which can strike a target
Sydon can see within 120 feet of it. Each target must
make a DC 23 Dexterity saving throw, taking 22
(4d10) lightning damage on a failed save, or half as
much damage on a successful one.
Tremor Strike (Costs 2 Actions). Sydon strikes the
ground with his glaive, triggering an earth tremor. All
other creatures on the ground within 60 feet of the
empyrean must succeed on a DC 25 Strength saving
throw or be knocked prone.

himself or his sister-wife Lutheria. He surveys both
land and water tirelessly from his stronghold in the
tower of Praxys. Although his strength has diminished,
he remains the god of storms and oceans, capable of
sending devastating hurricanes to vent his anger. He
is now gathering a power to rival that of his ancient
father, the Titan Kentimane.
Sydon takes the form of a colossal man, carrying
a terrifying black glaive. Like his sister, Sydon has a
third eye on his forehead that he can use to spy on the
world, looking through the eye of any of his cyclopes or
gygan servants. Sydon knows that he is powerful, and
he delights in this fact. He is rightly proud of his own
awesome power, prestige, and perfection.
Priests in every temple in Thylea fear the wrath of
Sydon. Daily sacrifices are offered to him in every village, even as settlers offer prayers to the Five. Whenever
a storm brews in Thylea, you can be sure that someone
has provoked the anger of Sydon.
Epithets of Sydon. The Lord of Storms. The Lord of
Oceans. The Lord of All. The King of Praxys. High King
of Thylea. God of the Giants. Master of the Forgotten
Sea. The Twin Titan.
Roleplaying Sydon
Jealous. Sydon considers himself the One True God
of Thylea. He believes that all should bow before him,
but most particularly the Five Gods, whom he loathes.
He suffers no injuries to his pride. He is terrifying to
behold when thwarted: his voice thunders, and his eyes
flash like lightning.
Ambitious. Sydon seeks to bring all of Thylea under
his direct control by forging a new pantheon of loyal
gods and lesser heroes. He envisions himself as the architect of a future Golden Age, and he is eager to share his
ambitious plans with mortals, and even more eager to be
praised and worshipped for this grand vision.
Tempestuous. Sydon suffers from mood swings. He
may at first seem a gracious host, lauding the virtues of
his guests, only to fall into a blind rage without warning and at the merest slight. In spite of this, his anger
can vanish suddenly, replaced by a child-like fear of his
father, Kentimane.

witnessing Sydon on the
Not hing was more terr ifying than
like being caught in a
battlefield in all his wrath. It was
dead, wit h deafening thunder
storm that fervently wished you
re columns of soldiers.
and lightning that vaporized enti
centaurs alone than witness
I would rather face an army of
such destruction again.
CE)
— Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (47
348

Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

THE FIVE GODS

The Five Gods were born when the powers of Sydon and
Lutheria were stolen and infused into the bodies of five
dragons who served the Dragonlords. The dragons surrendered their draconic forms and assumed new humanoid identities as lesser gods. Through the power of their
pantheon, they can hear the prayers of their worshippers
and grant them the power of magic.
Mytros is the wellspring of their divine power. She
ascended to true godhood when she sacrificed herself to
forge the Oath of Peace. For the complete story, refer to
the Secrets and Myths appendix.

Mytros, Goddess of Dawn
Mytros is the most respected and renowned of the Five,
and the namesake of the most important kingdom in
Thylea. She is widely credited with the survival of “her”
city during the destruction and immediate aftermath
of the First War. She is said to appear to her priests as
a warrior queen, clad in shimmering golden armor.
However, she ascended to the heavens after the cataclysmic battle with Sydon and Lutheria, and she no longer
walks among mortals. Mytros is the most powerful of
the Five Gods, and the source of most priestly magic
among the settler races in Thylea.
Mytros's True Form
Before coming to Thylea, Mytros was Balmytria, an
ancient silver dragon. As Balmytria, she was responsible
for creating the alliance between her dragon family and
the mortal rulers who would become the Dragonlords.
She chose to serve as the mount of Xander Huorath, the
greatest of the Dragonlords. In her dragon form, Volkan
was once her husband.

Volkan, God of Forges
“One of these days, all this warfare will be
automated. Bronze soldiers with bronze weapons,
and no more bloodshed. That's my dream, anyway.
Let an old man have his dream.”
—Volkan, cranky old blacksmith of Estoria
As one of the Five, Volkan is revered as the forge god
of artifice and crafting, and he is primarily worshipped
by smiths, masons, and wizards. For centuries, he has
been obsessed with crafting wondrous magical items,
but he rarely shares these gifts with the rest of the world.
In spite of this, many of his greatest works have been
scattered across Thylea, and some have even fallen into
the hands of his enemies.
Volkan appears to be an unassuming, grey-bearded
old dwarf clad in a blacksmith’s apron. He is easily (and
perhaps deliberately) overlooked by the locals in his
home city of Estoria. He was less humble during the

Volkan,
God of
Forges

First War, when he was known to don a radiant suit
of silver platemail, wear a golden crown, and carry a
mighty warhammer. These days, he claims his bones
ache too much to participate in battles. He prefers to
smoke his pipe near the warmth of the forge-fires, pondering his next invention.
Volkan's True Form
Volkan originally came to Thylea as an ancient bronze
dragon. In that form, he and Balmytria produced four
bronze dragons in the Old World many centuries ago:
Kyrah, Pythor, Vallus, and Narsus. Together, the family
of dragons became the mounts of the Dragonlords.
Volkan had the honor to bond with Rizon Phobas.
Volkan cannot transform back into his dragon form
until the Oath of Peace ends.

Volkan, God of Forges
Medium dwarf, neutral good

Armor Class 16 (breastplate)
Hit Points 119 (14d8 + 56)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
16 (+3) 14 (+2) 18 (+4) 30 (+10) 18 (+4) 12 (+1)
Saving Throws Intelligence +20, Wisdom +8
Skills Arcana +20, Athletics +10, Perception +8
Senses True Sight 60 ft., passive Perception 18
Languages All
Challenge 12 (8,400 XP)
Immortality. If Vokan dies, he returns to life at the
Temple of the Five in Mytros.
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If Volkan fails a saving
throw, he can choose to succeed instead.

Actions
Warhammer. Melee Weapon Attack: +12 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 14 (1d8 + 10) bludgeoning damage.
Forge Fires. Volkan can use an action to cause any
number of weapons that he can see to ignite. Ignited
weapons cause an additional 2d6 fire damage on hit.
This ability requires Volkan to maintain concentration.
Once he has used this ability, Volkan gains one level of
temporary exhaustion and cannot use it again until he
has completed a long rest.

Roleplaying Volkan
Crafty. Volkan is known for devising ingenious strategies. He thinks of the world as a puzzle to be solved,
and he often works out problems in his head for days
or weeks at a time. He may be gruff and silent for long
stretches, only to suddenly appear with some miracle
device or solution. He delights in creation, rather than
destruction, and he is always intrigued by an intricate
new device or stratagem.
Reclusive. Volkan changed after the ascension of his
wife. He was once an affectionate and attentive father,
but when he “lost” his wife to her godhood, he grew
apart from his children. He eventually came to live
almost entirely in his workshop and within his own
head. He has also developed a strong affinity for wine,
and beer, and mead, and almost any strong drink, all of
which he claims inspires his best work.

Kyrah, Goddess of Music
“I'm told that thousands of songs have
been written about me, and bards everywhere pay
homage at my shrines. They even call me the Muse.
But if that's the case, then why does no one ever
seem to want to read my poetry?”
—Kyrah, Goddess of Music
As one of the Five Gods, Kyrah is revered as the trickster
of music and poetry. There are very few shrines to her,
but bards and poets call upon her for inspiration as “the
Muse.” She is the swiftest of all the gods, both in thought
and deed. She is capable of disappearing in the blink
of an eye, and she can travel great distances with mere
steps. Her mind is equally swift. Her voice is said to be
more beautiful than any instrument.
Kyrah regularly travels through the Heartlands in
the guise of an adventurous bard. She carries dozens
of scroll-cases with her, most of which contain terrible
poems of her own composition. She can write good
Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

349

ones, but she prefers the bad ones, because she is so
amused by people's reactions to them. No matter how
harsh the critique, she never holds grudges against critics. She serves as the court poet to the Queen of Mytros,
her sister Vallus. Vallus finds Kyrah annoying, and she
finds any excuse to send her away on errands.

Kyrah,
Goddess of Music

Kyrah's Motivations
Kyrah wishes above all else to write a great epic poem,
something that would make even the Mother Goddess
herself laugh and weep. In her search for new material,
she is attracted to heroes who perform great deeds, as
well as those who are fated to meet terrible ends. She
is flirty, witty, clever, and attractive, but for reasons
that she never makes clear, will never consent to marry
anyone who cannot beat her in a foot race.
Kyrah's True Form
Kyrah came to Thylea as a young bronze dragon. She
served as the mount for the infamous Dragonlord Estor
Arkelander. She is still weighed down by shame for the
atrocities that Estor committed while the two of them
were oathsworn. Kyrah cannot transform back into her
dragon form until the Oath of Peace ends.

Kyrah,
Goddess of Music
Medium human, chaotic good
Armor Class 20
Hit Points 63 (13d8)
Speed 55 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 30 (+10) 10 (+0) 16 (+3) 16 (+3) 24 (+7)
Saving Throws Dexterity +20, Wisdom +5
Skills Acrobatics +20, Perception +7, Performance +17
Senses True Sight 60 ft., passive Perception 17
Languages All
Challenge 12 (8,400 XP)
Immortality. If Kyrah dies, she returns to life at the
Temple of the Five in Mytros.
Nimble Escape. Kyrah can take the Disengage or Hide
action as a bonus action on each of her turns.
Charming Song. When Kyrah sings a song, all creatures
that are able to hear her must succeed on a DC 20
Wisdom saving throw or be unable to choose her as the
target of an attack or spell. This lasts until the start of
Kyrah's next turn.
Mischief. Kyrah is unable to resist the urge to cause
mischief. In every round of a battle, there is a 1 in 4

350

Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

chance that Kyrah will submit to this impulse and a
random chaos effect will occur. Roll on the wand of
wonder table in the Game Master's Guide. Apply the effect
(whether it says "you" or "target") to a random creature
within 30 ft. of Kyrah. Allies are never targeted with the
effects of lighting bolt, fireball, or petrification.
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If Kyrah fails a saving
throw, she can choose to succeed instead.

Actions
Dagger. Melee Weapon Attack: +12 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 12 (1d4 + 10) piercing damage.
Song of Perserverance. Kyrah can perform a song that
grants extraordinary resilience to all of her allies that
can hear her. Until the end of her next turn, all allies
who hear her song do not die or go unconscious when
reduced to 0 hit points. They can make a Constitution
saving throw with a DC of 5 + the damage taken. On a
success, the ally drops to 1 hit point instead.
Song of Heroism. Kyrah can perform a song that grants
bravery to all of her allies that can hear her. Until the end
of her next turn, all allies who hear her song can reroll
one dice roll of their choice.
Song of Rejuvenation. Kyrah can perform a song while
taking a short or long rest. Any ally who hears the
song is cured of all disease, all poison, and all of the
following conidtions are removed: blinded, deafened,
and paralyzed.

Pythor, God of Battle
Medium human, chaotic good
Armor Class 16 (breastplate)
Hit Points 175 (14d10 + 98)
Speed 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
30 (+10) 20 (+5) 24 (+7) 16 (+3) 12 (+1) 19 (+4)
Skills Athletics +22, Intimidation +16, Perception +7
Senses True Sight 60 ft., passive Perception 17
Languages All
Challenge 12 (8,400 XP)
Immortality. If Pythor dies, he returns to life at the Temple
of the Five in Mytros. His weapon comes with him.
Drunken Stupor. If Pythor has access to liquor, he will
be in a drunken state. In this state, he has the poisoned
condition. He has disadvantage on all attack rolls and
saving throws. Enemies have advantage on attack rolls
made against him. He is unable to use his multiattack

Rolplaying Kyrah
Spirited. Kyrah seeks to atone for the sins of Estor
Arkelander by doing as much good as possible. She is
full of optimistic energy, and she refuses to stand by
when even the slightest injustices go uncorrected and
unpunished.
Reckless. Kyrah detests sitting still, and her eagerness for a good story makes her a bit reckless. She will
sometimes goad mortals into dangerous acts of heroism,
hoping for dramatic material that she can use. However,
she never acts maliciously, and she is careful to study
prophecies; she doesn't make unreasonable demands.
Mischevious. Kyrah loves to play tricks, large and
small. Consequently, few people worship her, but nearly
everyone believes in her. She is often “credited” when
things go missing, or when objects suddenly reappear
without explanation. She is especially fond of playing
pranks on humorless tyrants and petty bullies, such as
King Acastus of Mytros.

Pythor, God of Battle
“Step aside, sister. If this goes poorly, you
can lecture my corpse tomorrow.”
—Pythor, to Vallus, before his first death
at the Battle of Lethe, 17 CE
As one of the Five, Pythor is revered as the god of
strength and battle. He fought tirelessly in the First War,
driving back centaurs and gygans that threatened to
overwhelm the city of Mytros. Many songs record his

action. He loses true sight, and his passive Perception
score becomes 8.
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If Pythor fails a saving
throw, he can choose to succeed instead.
Rage. If Pythor is reduced to half hit points or less, he
goes into a rage. This state lasts until he can no longer
see any enemies. While in this state, he has resistance to
all damage types except psychic damage. When reduced
to 0 hit points or less, he can make a Constitution saving
throw at DC 5 + the damage taken, dropping to 1 hit
point instead on success. If he is in a drunken stupor
while raging, there is a 50% chance at the start of each
of his turns that he is unable to discern friend from foe.
If this occurs, he chooses a target at random from any
creatures that are within 30 ft.

Actions
Multiattack. Pythor makes three melee attacks with his
greataxe.
Mithral Greataxe. Melee Weapon Attack: +18 to hit, reach
5 ft., one target. Hit: 24 (2d12 + 12) slashing damage.

legendary exploits on the battlefield, while many others
list his conquests in the bedroom.
In 330 CE, Pythor overthrew the tyrant king Lysis
Arklenader and took the throne of Estoria. He has ruled
that city as king and god for almost two hundred years
now. His people love him, even though he has been a

Pythor,
God of Battle

terrible king, prone to drunkenness and nostalgic ramblings about his past glories.
Pythor appears to be a tall, copper-haired man carrying a mithral axe. For centuries, he has walked among
the settlers, taking mortals as lovers and fathering
countless demi-god children. Although he wishes them
all well, he takes no responsibility for any of his brood,
except one: his favorite daughter, Anora.
Pythor's True Form
Before coming to Thylea, Pythor was a young bronze
dragon. He served the Dragonlord Adonis Neurdagon
before the events of the First War. Pythor loved Adonis
intently, and he spent decades mourning his death.
Pythor cannot transform back into his dragon form until
the Oath of Peace ends.
Husband of Hexia
During the time of the Dragonlords, Pythor was married to his adopted sister, Hexia, a green dragon. Pythor
abandoned his dragon wife when he took on his immortal humanoid form, and she has never forgiven him.
Hexia has jealously dedicated her life to destroying
Pythor’s happiness and, over the centuries, she has murdered many of his mortal lovers and children.
Roleplaying Pythor
Amorous. Pythor falls in love with literally every beautiful mortal who crosses his path. He just can’t help himself,
any more than a moth can help flying towards the candle
flame. He is respectful but persistent in his attentions;
jubilant in victory and gracious in defeat.
Valorous. Pythor is quick to volunteer to fight on the
front lines of any battle that he happens across. These
days, however, he is more often drunk than sober. He’ll
never admit it, but centuries of failure and personal
tragedy have taken their toll on his fighting spirit. He
believes his glory days are behind him, and he seeks to
drown this fact in a river of wine.

In summer, when the birds were singing,
Pythor fell; his axe was swinging.
In autumn, he returned to life,
And took a centaur as his wife.
That winter, when the winds were cold,
Good Pythor raised the colts he foaled.
In springtime, when the flowers bloom,
He drank himself into a gloom.
His children loved the god of rain,
And so, he wandered off again.

352

Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom
“Arrogance may afflict even the very wise.
Take it from me—I married Acastus.”
—Vallus, on the subject of Hubris, 487 CE
Vallus is revered as the goddess of wisdom. She was once
known to travel far and wide, surveying ancient ruins and
collecting lore concerning the origins of the land and the
fey races. Prayers are offered to Vallus when guidance
is needed and information is scarce, and she is believed
to know as much about Thylea’s history as Sydon and
Lutheria. She is the oldest daughter of Mytros and, in
many ways, she has inherited her mother’s place as patron
goddess to the city that bears her name.
Vallus works closely with the priests of Mytros to
encourage faith in the Five, even as mortals everywhere
fall prey to fear of Sydon and Lutheria. She remains a
pillar of strength holding the city together as things are
beginning to fall apart elsewhere. However, in spite of
her best efforts, the citizens of Mytros increasingly offer
prayers and sacrifices to the treacherous Titans. Vallus
accepts this with grace and humility, and in spite of her
declining power, she will do anything to defend her city.
Queen of Mytros
Vallus has one regret: her marriage to King Acastus.
Over the centuries, she has been intimate with many
beautiful mortals who captured her heart, but her
union with Acastus in 478 CE was entirely political.
The two have grown to hate each over the years, not
least because Acastus makes a point of treating his
many infidelities as sport. They have no children,
although Acastus probably has many unacknowledged
bastards.
Vallus's True Form
Vallus was the young bronze dragon who served as a
mount for Telamok Arkelander. While Telamok was
responsible for almost as many atrocities as his brother
Estor, Vallus understands this was part of the cost of
settling in Thylea. She is not wracked with the same
second-hand guilt that plagues Kyrah.
Roleplaying Vallus
Vain. Vallus has a reputation for conspicuous vanity.
She never allows herself to be seen without exquisite,
queenly regalia, and she habitually examines her own
reflection in a silver hand mirror. This is partly because
she understands the importance of appearances in the
world of mortal politics—but she is also vain.
Shrewd. Vallus is extraordinarily perceptive, often to
the point where she is suspected of mindreading. She
always seems to discern truth, even when she is told a
clever lie. A hard stare from Vallus is often enough to
make even the most skilled liars concede the truth.

Vallus,
Goddess
of Wisdom

Pessimistic. Vallus has lost much of her faith in the
future of Thylea. Although she endeavors to protect
the Temple of the Five in Mytros, she has witnessed too
much of Thylean history to believe that the Oracle’s
prophecy will result in anything but total disaster.

MORTALS
Acastus, King of Mytros
Acastus Arkelander has been the King of Mytros for two
decades. As the husband to the goddess Vallus, he is the
most powerful political figure in all Thylea, and he has a
towering ego to match his fame. Although he is naturally
charming, he is not a man who brooks being challenged
or overshadowed.
Beneath his outward confidence lies a deep-seated
insecurity, because he has accomplished nothing
important during his lifetime. He fears death, because
he feels that he will quickly be forgotten. He desperately wishes to achieve immortality by increasing his
fame, so that he will be remembered for many great
deeds, like his ancestors.
Acastus has no faith in the Oracle’s prophecy, and
he is immensely suspicious and jealous of her chosen
“heroes.” He would rather believe that the heroes are not
the answer to his kingdom’s problems. He has solutions
of his own: he has depended upon the Order of Sydon to
maintain peace with the Titans for years. He also plans
to rebuild the ancient Order of the Dragonlords with
dragon eggs that Lutheria secretly gave him.

Vallus, Goddess of
Wisdom
Medium human, lawful good
Armor Class 11
Hit Points 81 (18d8)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 12 (+1) 10 (+0) 16 (+3) 30 (+10) 30 (+10)
Skills Medicine +22, Persuasion +22, Religion +22
Senses True Sight 60 ft., passive Perception 17
Languages All
Challenge 12 (8,400 XP)
Immortality. If Vallus dies, she returns to life at the
Temple of the Five in Mytros.
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If Vallus fails a saving
throw, she can choose to succeed instead.
Spellcasting. Vallus is an 18th-level spellcaster. Her
spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 22, +14 to

hit with spell attacks). Vallus has the following cleric
spells prepared:
Cantrips (at will): guidance, light, mending, sacred flame,
thaumaturgy
1st level (4 slots): cure wounds, divine favor, guiding bolt,
sanctuary
2nd level (3 slots): lesser restoration, prayer of healing,
spiritual weapon
3rd level (3 slots): dispel magic, spirit guardians
4th level (3 slots): banishment, freedom of movement,
guardian of faith
5th level (3 slots): mass cure wounds, geas, hold monster,
raise dead
6th level (1 slot): forbiddance, heroes' feast, planar ally
7th level (1 slot): conjure celestial, regenerate, resurrection
8th level (1 slot): holy aura
9th level (1 slot): true resurrection

Actions
Dagger: Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 3 (1d4 + 1) piercing damage.

Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

353

King Acastus

Dragon Rider
King Acastus is one of several famous dragon-riders in
Mytros. His mount is Icarus, an adult silver dragon who
spends his time flying around the city, stealing cattle and
over-fishing the waters beyond the harbor. Everyone considers Icarus to be a nuisance, but no one has ever dared
to complain to the king. Acastus rides him around the
city during festivals to show off his power. The dragon is
only an adult because Acastus forced him to age quickly
from the egg using potions of aging. Icarus still has the
callow mind of a wyrmling.
Dragonlord Descendent
Acastus’s insecurity is made worse due to a connection he has with his direct ancestor, Estor Arkelander.
Estor was the Dragonlord responsible for starting the
First War, and is now the infamous captain of the ghost
ship, the Ultros. Every night Estor whispers in Acastus’s
dreams, taunting him for his lack of achievements. The
ghost has promised Acastus the immortality that he so
desires, but only if he makes himself a willing vessel.

I was never under any illusions about Acastus's
true nature, but he was undeniably charming and
handsome and ambitious. Mother forgive me, but I
could never resist that particular combination.
— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

Acastus,
King of Mytros
Medium human, lawful evil

Armor Class 17 (+1 breastplate)
Hit Points 110 (13d10 + 39)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
16 (+3) 14 (+2) 17 (+3) 12 (+1) 15 (+2) 16 (+3)
Skills Athletics +8, Intimidation +8, Perception +6
Senses passive Perception 16
Languages Common, Elven, Dwarven, Fey
Challenge 12 (8,400 XP)
Special Equipment. Acastus wears +1 breast plate and
carries a rod of rulership. He wields a nine lives stealer
(shortsword) with 5 charges.
Rod of Rulership (1/Day). Acastus can use an action to
present the rod and command obedience from each
creature of his choice that he can see within 120 ft. Each

354

Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

target must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw
or be charmed by Acastus for 8 hours. While charmed
in this way, the creature regards Acastus as its trusted
leader. If harmed by Acastus or one of his companions,
or commanded to do something contrary to its nature, a
target ceases to be charmed in this way.
Indomitable (3/Day). When Acastus fails a saving throw,
he can choose to reroll it.
Improved Critical. Acastus scores a critical hit on a
weapon attack with a roll of 19 or 20.

Actions
Multiattack. Acastus makes three melee attacks with his
nine lives stealer.
Nine Lives Stealer. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach
5 ft., one target. Hit: 9 (1d6 + 5) piercing damage. On
a critical hit against a creature that has fewer than
100 hit points, that creature must succeed on a DC 15
Constitution saving throw or be slain instantly as the
sword tears its life force from its body (constructs and
undead are immune). The sword loses 1 charge if the
creature is slain.

Consort of Vallus
Acastus’s marriage to the goddess Vallus has suffered
over the years, mostly thanks to his own pride. He
believed that winning the hand of the goddess was a sign
of great things to come. Over the years, the romance
turned sour as the king’s obsession with fame became
clear. Now, the two can barely stand to be in the same
room together and view the marriage as a sham. Acastus
has brazenly taken consorts that he has openly paraded
before his estranged wife.
Roleplaying Acastus
Charming. Acastus makes a great show of treating
guests well. He conducts himself with apparent grace,
humility, and amiable good cheer. His true nature is
nearly impossible to discern, even by the most perceptive and suspicious observers.
Faithless. Acastus’s loyalties change, sometimes in
the space of moments, depending on his understanding
of the power balance in Thylea. He is adept at making
promises that he never intends to keep, but he’s careful
never to swear oaths that would bind him to what might
be the losing side in a battle.

Bullbug the Minotaur
Bullbug is a pot-bellied minotaur gladiator with a sunny
disposition and a penchant for drinking. Contrary to the
reputation that minotaurs have in Mytros, he doesn’t
have an evil disposition or a lust for blood. He has a different view on life than many of his kind, because he was
raised by a human family who treated him like a son.
As a youth, Bullbug gained the distinction of being
one of the few minotaurs to survive the sacrificial rituals
in Mytros. He refused to kill the warriors he defeated,
and so gained the sympathy of the family matron who
took Bullbug into her home and raised him as a son. But
then, several years ago, Bullbug's family were killed by
the Order of Sydon, and he was sold into slavery.
Bullbug is not very bright, but he’s reliable in a fight and
he’s loyal. He loves to make terrible jokes at the expense of
his own species. When he makes an especially bad mistake,
he usually blames it on his “stupid cow brain.”

Bullbug

Large monstrosity, chaotic neutral
Armor Class 16 (Breastplate)
Hit Points 85 (9d10+36)
Speed 40 ft.

Bullbug the Minotaur

STR
DEX
CON
20 (+5) 14 (+2) 18 (+4)

INT
6 (-2)

WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 10 (+0)

Skills Perception +5
Senses Darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 15
Languages Common
Challenge 5 (1,800 XP)
Charge. If the Bullbug moves at least 10 ft. straight
toward a target and then hits it with a gore Attack on
the same turn, the target takes an extra 9 (2d8) piercing
damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a
DC 14 Strength saving throw or be pushed up to 10 ft.
away and knocked prone.
Labyrinthine Recall. Bullbug can perfectly recall any path
that he has traveled.
Reckless. At the start of his turn, Bullbug can gain
advantage on all melee weapon attack rolls he makes
during that turn, but attack rolls against him have
advantage until the start of his next turn.

Actions
Multiattack. Bullbug makes two melee attacks with his
Greataxe.
Greataxe. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 17 (2d12 + 5) slashing damage.
Gore. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 13 (2d8 + 5) piercing damage.
Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

355

Estor
Arkelander

Roleplaying Bullbug
Loyal. Bullbug is always true to his word, and he would
never dream of breaking an oath. He believes in the power
of friendship and family. He will always be there for the
people he cares for, and for those who care about him.
Hungry. Bullbug is always hungry, and he’ll eat just
about anything. He often thinks with his stomach, and
this gets him into all sorts of trouble, because food is not
usually free.

Estor Arkelander
The infamous captain of the ghost ship Ultros, Estor
Arkelander has sailed the waters of the Cerulean gulf for
centuries. He and his crew of undead indiscriminately
terrorize living sailors and landsmen. While a ship set
upon by the Ultros often suffers casualties, Estor enjoys
the terror he causes more than the blood he spills.
Estor was the brother of the Dragonlord Telamok
Arkelander. He was intensely jealous of Telamok’s
fame and sought to eclipse him whenever possible.
Throughout Thylea he and his crew were famed for

Estor Arkelander

Plane while he is in the Border Ethereal, and vice versa,
yet he can't affect or be affected by anything on the
other plane.

Armor Class 14
Hit Points 64 (10d8 + 20)
Speed 0 ft., fly 40 ft. (hover)

Horrifying Visage. Each non-undead creature within 60
ft. of Estor that can see him must succeed on a DC 15
Wisdom saving throw or be frightened for 1 minute. If
the save fails by 5 or more, the target also ages 1d4 x 10
years. A frightened target can repeat the saving throw
at the end of each of its turns, ending the frightened
condition on success. If a target's saving throw is
successful or the effect ends, the target is immune to
Estor's Horrifying Visage for 24 hours. The aging effect
can be reversed with a greater restoration spell, but only
within 24 hours of it occurring.

Medium undead, neutral evil

STR
7 (-2)

DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
18 (+4) 14 (+2) 13 (+1) 15 (+2) 18 (+4)

Damage Resistance acid, fire, lightning, thunder;
bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from nonmagical
weapons
Damage Immunities cold, necrotic, poison
Condition Immunities charmed, exhaustion, frightened,
grappled, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, restrained
Senses Senses darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 11
Languages Common, Draconic
Challenge 5 (1,800 XP)
Ethereal Sight. Estor can see 60 ft. into the Ethereal
Plane when he is on the Material Plane, and vice versa.
Incorporeal Movement. Estor can move through other
creatures and objects as if they were difficult terrain.
He takes 5 (1d10) force damage if he ends his turn
inside an object.

Actions
Multiattack. Estor makes two spear attacks.
Ghostly Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 5
ft., one target. Hit: 17 (4d6 + 3) necrotic damage.
Etherealness. Estor enters the Ethereal Plane from the
Material Plane, or vice versa. He is visible on the Material

356

Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

Possession (Recharge 6). One humanoid that Estor
can see within 5 ft. of him must succeed on a DC 15
Charisma saving throw or be possessed by Estor; Estor
then disappears, and the target is incapacitated and
loses control of its body. Estor now controls the body
but doesn't deprive the target of awareness. Estor can't
be targeted by any attack, spell, or other effect, except
ones that turn undead, and he retains his alignment,
Intelligence, Wisdom, Charisma, and immunity to
being charmed and frightened. He otherwise uses the
possessed target's statistics, but doesn't gain access to
the target's knowledge, class features, or proficiencies.
The possession lasts until the body drops to 0 hit
points or until Estor is turned or forced out by an effect
like the dispel evil and good spell. He can also end it
as a bonus action. When the possession ends, Estor
reappears in an unoccupied space within 5 ft. of the
body. The target is immune to Estor's Possession ability
for 24 hours after succeeding on the saving throw or
after the possession ends.

being fearless warriors who always sought battle: he was
responsible for many of the atrocities committed during
the bloodiest years of the First War.
He searched for fame and more power with increasing
urgency as the First War dragged on. Eventually, this led
him to take his ship to the fires of Typhos, a mysterious
island where he felt that he could gain god-like power.
Typhos proved to be a trap set for him by the goddess
Lutheria, who tricked Estor into accepting her gifts of
fame and immortality. She delivered these by turning
him and his crew into undead, and cursing them to sail
the Cerulean Gulf for all eternity.
Estor is, and perhaps always was, cruel and calculating.
His centuries as a ghost have given him focus: he is still
driven by the desire to outstrip his brother in all things.
Now, he seeks to do this by taking over the life of the
greatest of the prophesied heroes, and using that stolen
life to exact brutal vengeance against the Titans.

Commander Gaius

Undying Ambition
For each day that Estor is allowed to possess a hero, he
will consent to answer one question or reveal one secret.
While possessing a hero, Estor will assume leadership
of the party; he will attempt to prolong his control by
offering to reveal more valuable secrets.
Roleplaying Estor
Hateful. Hatred has entirely consumed Estor. Cursed
by undeath, he utterly loathes gods—all gods—and their
insipid worshippers. He despises weakness in all forms
and cares only for power.
Experienced. Estor has traveled far and wide
throughout Thylea. He knows the secrets and dangers of
the Nether Sea. He is willing to share this knowledge in
exchange for time spent possessing a hero.

Commander Gaius
Gaius is the Commander of the Order of Sydon. He is a
true believer who fervently wants Sydon to rule Thylea.
He commands a force of over one thousand knights
in Mytros and on the islands of the Cerulean Gulf. In
Mytros, he can usually be found at the Temple of Sydon
or the Great Palace, but he often travels to the Island of
Yonder, where the ancient Gygan ruins serve as a military base for his faction.
Dragon Rider
Gaius travels between Mytros and the Cerulean Gulf
with ease thanks to Argyn, his young silver dragon
mount. Argyn was raised by Sydon and given to Gaius as
a reward for his loyalty. For his part, Gaius loves Argyn
and has vowed to marry her when she is old enough to
transform into a human. Unfortunately for Gaius, Argyn
merely tolerates him. She loves only Sydon, who has
promised her a mountain of treasure in exchange for her
loyal service to the zealot.

Commander Gaius
Medium human, lawful evil

Armor Class 17 (+1 breastplate, shield)
Hit Points 114 (12d10 + 48)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
20 (+5) 14 (+2) 18 (+4) 12 (+1) 14 (+2) 15 (+2)
Skills Athletics +9, Perception +6
Senses passive Perception 16
Languages Common, Giant, Fey
Challenge 8 (3,900 XP)
Special Equipment. Breastplate +1, javelin of lightning x3,
ring of feather falling.
Indomitable (2/day). When Gaius fails a saving throw, he
can choose to reroll it.

Actions
Multiattack. Gaius makes three spear attacks or three
javelin of lightning attacks.
Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 8 (1d6 + 5) piercing damage.
Javelin of Lightning. Ranged Weapon Attack: +9 to
hit, range 120 ft., one target. Hit: 8 (1d6 + 5) piercing
damage, plus 14 (4d6) lightning damage. Each creature
in the line excluding Gaius and the target must make
a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw, taking 4d6 lightning
damage on a failed save (or half on a successful save).
Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

357

The Lady of Coins

to turn to stone and is Restrained. The Restrained
creature must repeat the saving throw at the end of
its next turn, becoming Petrified on a failure or ending
the effect on a success. The petrification lasts until the
creature is freed by the Greater Restoration spell or
other magic.

Medium monstrosity, chaotic neutral
Armor Class 17 (breastplate +1)
Hit Points 127 (17d8 + 51)
Speed 30 ft.

STR
DEX
CON
INT
12 (+1) 18 (+4) 16 (+3) 14 (+2)

WIS
8 (-1)

CHA
16 (+3)

Skills Deception +5, Insight +4, Perception +4, Stealth +7
Senses Darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 12
Languages Common, Draconic
Challenge 7 (2,900 XP)
Special Equipment. The Lady of Coins wears a
breastplate +1 and carries a short bow +1.
Sneak Attack (1/Turn). The Lady of Coins deals an extra
13 (4d6) damage when she hits a target with a weapon
Attack and has advantage on the Attack roll, or when
the target is within 5 ft. of an ally of the Lady of Coins
that isn't Incapacitated and the Lady of Coins doesn't
have disadvantage on the Attack roll.
Petrifying Gaze. When a creature that can see the
Lady of Coin's eyes starts its turn within 30 ft. of the
medusa, the Lady of Coins can force it to make a DC
14 Constitution saving throw if the Lady of Coins isn't
Incapacitated and can see the creature. If the saving
throw fails by 5 or more, the creature is instantly
Petrified. Otherwise, a creature that fails the save begins

Roleplaying Gaius
Zealous. Gaius is utterly devoted to Sydon’s cause,
and he brooks no insult to the Titans. He spares nothing
in punishing what he considers heresy, making (fatal)
examples of anyone who threatens the dominion of the
Lord of Storms.
Humorless. Gaius is dour and grim-faced, and he has
absolutely no sense of humor at all. He crucifies bards
just to shut them up. He never drinks. Even his own
men are frightened of him.

Loreus the Satyr
Loreus is a young satyr (CG) who had a very sheltered
upbringing. He is not typical of his kind. Rather than
frolicking and dallying with nymphs like other satyrs his
age, Loreus spends all of his time writing love poems
and reading epic romances. He is fascinated by mortal
men and women, especially those who resemble the
great heroes of his favorite stories.
Roleplaying Loreus
Lovesick. Loreus will do absolutely anything for the
person he loves, no matter how dangerous or embarrassing. He will constantly seek new ways to prove his
358

Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

Unless surprised, a creature can avert its eyes to avoid
the saving throw at the start of its turn. If the creature
does so, it can't see the Lady of Coins until the start
of its next turn, when it can avert its eyes again. If the
creature looks at the Lady of Coins in the meantime, it
must immediately make the save.
If the Lady of Coins sees herself reflected on a polished
surface within 30 ft. of it and in an area of bright light, the
Lady of Coins is, due to its curse, affected by its own gaze.

Actions
Multiattack. The Lady of Coins makes either three
Melee Attacks — one with her snake hair and two with
her Shortsword — or three Ranged Attacks with her
short bow.
Snake Hair. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one creature. Hit: 4 (1d4 + 2) piercing damage plus 14
(4d6) poison damage.
Shortsword. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 5 (1d6 + 2) piercing damage.
Shortbow. Ranged Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, range
80/320 ft., one target. Hit: 9 (1d6 + 5) piercing damage
plus 7 (2d6) poison damage

love, no matter how strange they might look to others,
especially if his passion is not reciprocated.

Moxena, The Lady of Coins
The Lady of Coins is a medusa from the island of
Themis, the twin sister of the Amazon Queen. Her true
name is Moxena, but she abandoned that name after
a failed coup against her sister. She rebelled by joining
with the Amazon faction who believed that the worship
of Lutheria had corrupted the sisterhood. However, she
had no intention of restoring the Amazons to a sisterhood of equals—she just wants to replace her sister as
Queen and rule the island herself.
Having fled, she ended up in Mytros. Her political
skills enabled her to establish the Cult of the Snake, a
thieves’ guild that serves her with unswerving loyalty.
She robs from the rich and then uses the money to purchase the freedom of minotaur slaves and other undesirables. However, she is not an altruist. She intends to
use the money that she collects to hire an army. Moxena
wants vengeance on her sister, but she can easily be
convinced to extend her quest to include vengeance
against her sister’s patron, Lutheria.

Roleplaying Moxena
Pragmatic. Moxena may desire revenge against her
sister above all things, but she is practical about it. She
will form alliances with anyone who can help her attain
that goal.
Prejudiced. Moxena dislikes men as a rule and she
treats them with patient but disdainful condescension. If
possible, she will ignore male heroes and speak primarily to female heroes in the party.

Moxena,
the Lady
of Coins

Nessa the Centaur
“Like, give peace a chance!”
–Nessa, huntmaster of the Scorpion Tribe
Nessa is a centaur (CG) who belongs to a cursed tribe
on Scorpion Island. For the past few years, she has led a
band of scouts who patrol the island, herding the giant
scorpions away from the shores. Like all members of
her tribe, she must bond with a mortal rider before she
comes of age, or she will transform into a giant scorpion.
When the heroes meet her, Nessa has a month before
she comes of age, and she is desperate to find a rider.
Roleplaying Nessa
Groovy. Nessa is relaxed and down-to-earth. She likes
to braid hair, make flower wreaths, and smoke the lotus
flowers that are common on her island. She’s good with
a javelin, but she thinks war is boring.
Loyal. Nessa will be loyal to the mortal rider who
bonds with her. She will try to learn everything she can
about her rider, as her dream is to be best friends with
her rider forever.

My sister hates the idea of thieves running loose in
her city, but the Lady of Coins evades her spies.
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music
Statistics
Nessa can be used as a mount. She is proficient with
all musical instruments, and she can cast druidcraft as
a cantrip. Once per day, she can share her lotus flower
pipe with one creature. It has the effect of a speak with
animals spell.

Pholon the Centaur
“Always be there for your bros.”
–Pholon, brother to centaurs and mortals alike
Pholon is a centaur (LG) who once was part of the
cursed tribe on Scorpion Island. Years ago, he bonded
with a man named Ankaios, a human soldier whom he
loved. The two of them had many adventures across
Thylea, but sadly, Ankaios was recently killed in battle.
Pholon must find a new rider before the next full moon,
or else he will transform into a giant scorpion.
Roleplaying Pholon
Adolescent. Pholon likes to party and drink mead.
He’s always up for drinking, singing, or wrestling, especially with “his bros.” He’s good in a fight, but he thinks
war is a real bummer.
Loyal. Pholon is loyal to the mortal rider who bonds
with him, and will be determined to be the very best of
friends with that person. He's supportive to a fault, and
he volunteers for anything that he deems too dangerous
for his favorite bros.
Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

359

Statistics
Pholon can be used as a mount, and is proficient with
all melee weapons. Once per day, he can chug mead as a
bonus action, which grants him resistance to all damage
types for one round.
Encountering Pholon
Pholon can be encountered just about anywhere in
Thylea, at any time in the adventure. Refer to his special
encounter entry the Encounters appendix for details.

Steros the Jancan
Steros belongs to a rare breed of cyclopes known as
jancan. He was born with ten fingers per hand and ten
toes per foot. Like all jancan, he is a cunning artificer,
and he possesses incredible skills at the forge. He was
born and raised among the cyclopes at Praxys, the
Tower of Sydon.
Steros stands only 9 feet tall, much shorter than other
cyclopes. He was the butt of every joke at Praxys, and
even Sydon treated him with contempt. Steros feels
resentful toward his “family”, and he hopes to prove that
they have always underestimated him. Steros’s father
once served the lizard king on Fire Island, but he was
captured by the Amazons during a raid. When this
news reached Sydon, he sent Steros to the lizard king
to replace his missing father.
Motivations
Steros wants to rescue his father from the Amazons
on the Island of Themis. He also claims that he wants
revenge against Sydon. This is partly true, but he

Steros the Jancan
Large giant, lawful neutral

Armor Class 18 (natural armor)
Hit Points 102 (12d10 + 36)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
18 (+4) 18 (+4) 16 (+3) 14 (+2)

WIS
6 (-2)

CHA
10 (+0)

Skills Arcana +10, Investigation +10
Senses passive Perception 8
Languages Giant, Common
Challenge 6 (2,300 XP)
Special Equipment. Steros wears his jancan monocle,
which corrects his race's poor depth perception. Without
the monocle, he has disadvantage on all attacks.
Monocle Powers. Steros can use his monocle for three
different powers. He can only have one power active at
a time.
Eye of Charming (3 times/day). Steros can cast charm
person on a humanoid as an action (save DC 13).
Eye of the Eagle. Steros has advantage on perception
checks and a passive Perception score of 13.
Eye of Seeing. Steros has advantage on Investigation checks.

Actions
Multiattack. Steros makes two spear attacks or three eye
of blasting attacks.
Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 10 ft., one
target. Hit: 11 (2d6 + 4) piercing damage.
Eye of blasting. Ranged Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, range
120 ft., one target. Hit: 7 (2d6) fire damage.

secretly hopes to hand over the heroes in the belief that
this will finally earn him Sydon’s respect.
Talented Craftsman
Steros is an amazing craftsman, known for his ability
to engineer incredibly life-like clockwork animals. He
designed his magic monocle that grants him special
powers and compensates for his race’s poor vision. Steros
can operate the Mithral Forge just as well as Volkan, and
his monocle can be used in place of Pythor’s Hammer.
Roleplaying Steros
Insecure. Steros has always felt as that everyone is
secretly laughing at him. He even misinterprets simple
greetings and commands as somehow insulting. He’s too
much of a coward to act on his anger, though.
Awkward. Steros plans to betray the heroes, but he’s
comically bad at hiding it. He even twirls his moustache
and cackles to himself about his own cunning plans
when he thinks no one is looking.

Versi the Oracle
Versi is the daughter of Sydon and a naiad named
Delphea. She is a water nymph like her mother, but her
father’s empyrean blood gave her the power of prophecy. She was born with a third eye at the center of her
forehead. She hides this with a golden diadem.
Versi has been known throughout Thylea as “the
Oracle” since before the founding of Mytros. She prophesied the coming of the Dragonlords and the birth of
the Five Gods. She was also instrumental in forging the
Oath of Peace, as she negotiated the meeting between
the Five Gods and the Titans.
Versi wishes to protect both the mortals and the fey
races of Thylea. She once believed that the gods and
Titans could coexist peacefully, but she has witnessed
too much death and destruction to sustain her optimism. Now, she puts her faith in the heroes, because
they represent a chance for the best possible outcome in
all her visions of the many possible futures.

of fear and doubt is always in her eyes. She knows that
the heroes may very well die in their attempt to thwart
Sydon and Lutheria.
Possessive. Versi thinks of all the mortals of Thylea
as beautiful, cherished pets. This is doubly true of those
with great destinies. She may choose to follow the
heroes and check up on them from time to time, offering much-needed assistance in the way that one might
offer treats to a pet dog. She will bristle with obvious
jealousy if the heroes become too close to or dependent
on other fey creatures or gods.

Versi the Oracle

Roleplaying Versi
Haunted. Versi is haunted by terrifying visions of the
future of Thylea. She clings desperately to the hope that
such dark futures will not come to pass, but a shadow

Versi the Oracle
Medium fey (nymph), chaotic neutral
Armor Class 12
Hit Points 60 (8d8 + 24)
Speed 30 ft., swim 30 ft.
STR
8 (-1)

DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
14 (+2) 16 (+3) 12 (+1) 14 (+2) 24 (+7)

Skills Perception +5, Performance +10, Persuasion +13
Senses darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 15
Languages Common, Elvish, Sylvan
Challenge 6 (2,300 XP)
Special Equipment. Versi wears a robe of stars. This gives
her +1 to all of her saving throws. She can use an action
to enter or leave the Astral Plane.
Magic Resistance. Versi has advantage on saving throws
against spells and other magical effects.
Fey Beauty. When a creature that can see Versi starts
its turn within 40 ft. of her, Versi can force it to make
a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw. Failure means that the
creature is blinded for 1 minute. A creature can repeat

the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending
the effect on itself on a success.
Innate Spellcasting. Versi's innate spellcasting ability is
Charisma (spell save DC 18). She can innately cast the
following spells, requiring no components:
At will: druidcraft, misty step
3/day each: cure wounds, scrying, bestow curse, divination,
entangle, fog cloud, light
1/day each: foresight

Actions
Dagger. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, range 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 4 (1d4 + 2)
Robe of Stars. Seven stars hit a creature of her choice.
Each star deals 3 (1d4 +1) force damage. The stars all
hit simultaneously, and she can direct them to hit one
creature or several.
Fey Allure. Versi targets one humanoid she can see
within 30 ft. of her. If the target can see Versi, the target
must succeed on a DC 18 Wisdom saving throw against
this magic or be stunned for 1 minute. A creature can
repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns,
ending the effect on a success. Creatures with less than
12 Charisma have disadvantage on this saving throw.
Appendix D | Dr a m atis Per sonae

361

Aesop, Keeper of the
Dragon Shrine

Thereafter, Aesop founded a modest shrine in Estoria
to evangelize the Dragonlords and keep records of their
accomplishments in Thylea. He left the Neurdagon
dynasty in the hands of his children, whose descendants
have long forgotten him.
Roleplaying Aesop
Patient. Aesop lived alongside the original
Dragonlords and was keenly aware of their flaws. His
expectations for the heroes are high, but he also understands that they will not be perfect. He supports the party's quest even if they are clearly flawed as individuals.
Focused. Aesop never loses focus on his goal: to
restore the Order of the Dragonlords. He will provide whatever support he can to achieve this end.
Additionally, he hopes to discover what happened to
the original dragons and rescue them in the event that
they've been captured by the Titans.

Adonis was never the brightest of the Dragonlords, but he

Darien

possessed a greater sense of righteousness and honor than

Darien (NG Amazon warrior) is the rightful heir to the
throne of the Amazons. Her mother, Queen Thesilea,
ruled the island of Themis along with her two sisters.
But when Darien was five years old, her mother was
betrayed by her closest advisors, who had transformed
into medusae. They killed the three matriarchs and
assumed their identities. But before the final stroke
fell, Darien's mother forced the medusae to swear not
to harm her youngest daughter until she comes of age.
Accordingly, Darien was thrown into prison, where she
has remained for thirteen years.
In order to prevent Darien from revealing this dark
secret, the new queen enchanted Darien's prison cell
with the silence spell. Consequently, she has been unable
to speak for over a decade. During that time, she has
subsisted on the stories and scraps that her stimfay companion brings to her. She dreams of exacting vengeance
on the medusae, and she trains every day in her cell,
looking forward to the opportunity.

all the rest combined..
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music

Aesop
Aesop (NG elven priest) has been the Keeper of the
Dragon Shrine in Estoria (E7) for centuries. He devotes
much of his time to studying the histories, but he also
keeps an eye on the prophecies, watching for any signs
that the Order of the Dragonlords might be restored. He
is widely known to be one of the wisest mortals in the
land, respected even by Vallus and the Oracle.
Before the arrival of the Dragonlords, Aesop was part
of a small tribe of elves who were kept as slaves by the
gygans. Most of his tribe were killed during the early
years of the First War, but just before the same fate could
claim him, Aesop was rescued by Adonis Neurdagon.
He never forgot his feelings of gratitude—nor his hatred
for the cruelty of the Titans.
Disciple of Adonis
Aesop was instantly smitten with Adonis Neurdagon.
He swore an oath of service to the Dragonlord, and over
time, the two became lovers. Adonis was famed for his
wealth and beauty, as well as his bravery and generosity.
He adopted many of the children that he freed from the
clutches of the Titans. He and Aesop raised the children
together, creating a dynasty that lasts to this day.
Unfortunately, Adonis's bravery was ill-founded. He
was overconfident in his own abilities, and in spite of
Aesop's repeated begging, he joined the rest of his Order
in their last stand against the Titans. Their dragon
mounts had disappeared years earlier, forcing them to
depend on their own powers and abilities. Without the
aid of his dragon, Adonis was killed.

Darien the
Silent Prisoner

Roleplaying Darien
Spirited. Darien has spent thirteen years trapped in a
cell, listening to stories of grand adventure. She is restless and enthusiastic about the possibility of going on
her own adventures. Once she achieves vengeance for
her mother, she is eager to join the heroes on their quest
and explore the world beyond her island.
Shy. Darien has not had much human contact in the
time that she's been trapped in her cell. She speaks haltingly and with some embarassment about her limited
social skills. She has never seen a man before, and she
regards them with detached curiosity. She may develop
secret feelings for female heroes.

Chondrus
Chondrus is a priest of Lutheria who works alongside
the Order of Sydon to secure magical secrets and political influence for the Titans. He currently serves as the
master of the Great Library in Yonder (Y14), though he
occasionally makes trips to Mytros to oversee the Cult
of Lutheria's activities in the city.
Chondrus was born an orphan in Stygian Row, where
he was treated with suspicion, like most of his kind.
Eventually, he was taken in by priests at the Temple of
Lutheria, where he learned magic and came to view the
Mistress of Death as his own personal savior.
When Chondrus came of age, he dared to travel to
the Nether Sea to see the Lady of Dreams in person.
After many trials, he succeeded in joining her personal
harem. He spent many years aboard Hypnos, enjoying
the pleasures of Lutheria's garden, but eventually, she
grew bored of him and cast him out. Ever since, he has
sought to return to her good graces and rejoin her in
Hypnos.
Chondrus's Motivations
Chondrus may seek to join the party in order to make
his way back to Hypnos and regain Lutheria's favor. He
hopes to accomplish this ingratiating himself with the
party and then betraying them at the first opportune
moment in the Nether Sea. For example, he might
encourage the party to investigate the Iron Prison Cube
and then lock them inside once they've entered.
Roleplaying Chondrus
Arrogant. Chondrus believes that he's smarter than
pretty much everyone he meets. While it's true that he's
survived an impressive array of dangers by the strength
of his own wits, his arrogance frequently makes him
short-sighted and undermines his plans.
Pedantic. The only thing Chondrus likes more than
being right is correcting other people when they're
wrong. He relishes pointing out minor errors, and he
makes a great show of being patient with those of "lesser
intellect" than himself.

Chondrus

Medium humanoid (tiefling), lawful evil
Armor Class 17 (mage armor, dagger of defense)
Hit Points 54 (12d8)
Speed 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
10 (+0) 16 (+3) 11 (+0) 18 (+4) 10 (+0) 12 (+1)
Skills Arcana +10, Deception +4, Perception +6
Senses passive Perception 16
Languages Common, Infernal, Abyssal
Challenge 8 (3,900 XP)
Dagger of Defense. Chondrus gains +1 AC from this
dagger. Chondrus can use his reaction to cast the shield
spell with the dagger up to three times per day.
Spellcasting. Chondrus is a 12th-level spellcaster. His
spellcasting ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 17, +9 to
hit with spell attacks). He can cast invisibility at will and
has the following wizard spells prepared:
Cantrips (at will): fire bolt, light, mage hand,
prestidigitation, shocking grasp
1st level (4 slots): detect magic, identify, mage armor,
magic missile
2nd level (3 slots): detect thoughts, mirror image, misty step
3rd level (3 slots): counterspell, fly, lightning bolt
4th level (3 slots): banishment, polymorph, stoneskin
5th level (2 slots): cone of cold, wall of force
6th level (1 slot): globe of invulnerability

Actions
Dagger of Defense. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach
5 ft., one target. Hit: (1d4) piercing damage.

Chrondus the
Arcane Master

Appendix E: Monsters
This appendix details monsters and nonplayer characters that appear in this book. Most of the monsters in
Thylea are inspired by Greek mythology. Many of the
most common fantasy monsters (orcs, goblins, etc.) are
not present in the Forgotten Land.
When adding monsters to the world of Thylea, you
should restrict your choices to this list:

• Beasts (all)
• Centaur
• Chimera
• Cockatrice
• Cyclops
• Death Dog
• Devil, Erinyes
• Dragons
• Dryad
• Elementals
• Elephant
• Empyrean
• Ghosts
• Giant Beasts (all)
• Golems
• Gorgon
• Griffon
• Hags
• Harpy
• Hell Hound
• Hippogriff
• Hydra
• Kraken

• Lich
• Manticore
• Medusa
• Merfolk
• Mimic
• Minotaur
• Oozes
• Pegasus
• Piercer
• Roc
• Salamanders
• Satyr
• Shadow
• Skeletons
• Sphinx
• Succubus/Incubus
• Swarm (all)
• Troglodyte
• Yugoloth, Arcanaloth
• Yugoloth, Mezzoloth
• Yugoloth, Nycaloth
• Yugoloth, Ultroloth
• Wight

AUTOMATONS
Automaton, Bronze
Bronze automatons are constructed using mechanical
and magical techniques that are passed down by the
gods. They are built for war and little else. They need
constant repairs and maintenance or else they begin
to break down. This means that they cannot be left as
unattended guardians for longer than a few years.
Constructed Nature. Bronze automatons are the ultimate soldiers. They don’t age, and they don’t need air,
food, drink, or sleep. They are built for the sole purpose
of fighting until they are destroyed.
Explosive Power. Bronze automatons are powered by
a mixture of elemental fire and bottled lightning. When
an automaton is destroyed, this mixture of elemental
energy can be released in the automaton’s death throes
with catastrophic results to anyone standing close to
them. Luckily, bronze automatons are immune to lightning and resistant to fire, otherwise these explosions
might lead to chain reactions that could obliterate an
entire legion of the automatons.
364

Appendix E | Monster s

The creatures of Thylea have been shaped by her history.
Many trace their origins back to the Titans, while others
were constructed for the purpose of forgotten wars.
The Dragonlords drove many of them back into the

darkness during the First War, but it's likely that the most
dangerous monsters have not yet been revealed to us.

— Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine

Bronze Automaton
Medium construct, unaligned

Armor Class 17 (natural armor)
Hit Points 60 (8d8 + 24)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
16 (+3) 10 (+0) 16 (+3)

INT
9 (-1)

WIS
CHA
10 (+0) 10 (+0)

Damage Resistances fire, cold
Damage Immunities lightning, poison, psychic
Condition Immunities charmed, exhaustion, frightened,
paralyzed, petrified, poisoned
Senses darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 10
Languages speaks the languages of its creator (usually
common)
Challenge 4 (1,100 XP)
Death Throes. When the bronze automaton dies, there
is a 50% chance that it explodes in a conflagration of
fire and lightning. Each creature within 5 feet of it must
make a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw, taking 17 (5d6)
fire damage and 17 (5d6) lightning damage on a failed
save, or half as much on a successful one.
Immutable Form. The bronze automaton is immune to
any spell or effect that would alter its form.
Magic Resistance. The bronze automaton has advantage
on saving throws against spells and other magical effects.
Magic Weapons. The bronze automaton's weapon
attacks are magical.
Martial Advantage. Once per turn, the bronze
automaton can deal an extra 10 (3d6) damage to a
creature it hits with a weapon attack if that creature is
within 5 feet of an ally of the bronze automaton that
isn't incapacitated.

Actions
Multiattack. The bronze automaton makes two glaive
attacks.
Glaive. Melee Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, reach 10 ft., one
target. Hit: 9 (1d10 + 3) slashing damage.

Automaton, Colossus
These enormous statues are the largest constructs ever
created, and they can only be forged with the aid of godlike beings. They are constructed from iron, mithral, adamantine, or bronze. Once built, they are typically charged
with guarding entire cities or countries.
Divine Construction. The rarity of these magnificent
constructs is due to the fact that their completion is
impossible without divine aid. Mortal attempts at building these marvels results in nothing more than articulated statues that are unable to move due to their own
immense weight. As a result, it is common for a colossus
to be sculpted in the likeness of its patron deity. This
may be done to gain the favor or attention of the god, or
it may be done at the god's request.
Ambitious artificers should be aware that depicting a
god has backfired at least once in history. It is said that a
god once took offense at an artificer's clumsy depiction
of his features. Enraged, the god cursed the colossus,
creating a titanic engine of destruction that leveled the
city that it was intended to protect.
Activation. A colossus remains dormant until activated by a command word. Sometimes the command
word requires someone from a specific royal bloodline
to speak it. The colossus will attack anything that is
identified as an enemy by whoever awakened it.
The colossus can also be directly controlled from a
control room located inside its head. This set of controls
typcally requires the user to possess a specific device,
such as a rod of rulership, before the colossus can be
given orders. Such devices are often royal heirlooms.
Everlasting. Because it is a construct, a colossus
doesn’t age, and does not need air, food, drink, or sleep.
It can stand guard over a city for millennia.
Variant: Sentient Colossus
Very rarely, a colossus might be more than just a mindless
guardian—it can think and reason for itself. Such colossi
have been granted sentience by the gods.
Sentient colossi have an Intelligence score of 12, and
they can speak the language of the artificer who constructed them. Although they are free to wander the
world and do as they please, they typically feel a strong
attachment to the place that they were built to protect.

Colossus

Gargantuan construct, unaligned
Armor Class 20 (natural armor)
Hit Points 620 (40d20 + 200)
Speed 50 ft.
STR
DEX
30 (+10) 8 (-1)

CON
20 (+5)

INT
3 (-4)

WIS
10 (+0)

Damage Immunities fire, poison, psychic; bludgeoning,
piercing, and slashing from nonmagical weapons
Condition Immunities charmed, exhaustion, frightened,
paralyzed, petrified, poisoned
Senses passive Perception 10
Languages —
Challenge 21 (33,000 XP)
Immutable Form. The colossus is immune to any spell or
effect that would alter its form.
Magic Weapons. The colossus's weapon attacks are
magical.
Colossus Weakness. If the colossus takes more than 100
piercing damage, its protective plating is punctured.
Ichor begins to flow out of it, and it loses 50 hit points
per round as its vital energy bleeds out.

Actions
Giant Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +22 to hit, reach 20 ft.,
one target. Hit: 41 (8d6 + 13) piercing damage.

Legendary Actions
The colossus can take 3 legendary actions, choosing
from the options below. Only one legendary action
option can be used at a time and only at the end of
another creature's turn. The colossus regains spent
legendary actions at the start of its turn.
Attack. The colossus makes one attack.
Stomp (Costs 2 Actions). The colossus strikes a ground
target of large or smaller size with its foot, crushing
the target for 38 (8d6 + 10) bludgeoning damage and
triggering an earth tremor. Creatures on the ground
within 120 feet of the colossus must succeed on a
DC 25 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.

To be immortalized as a colossus is the highest honor in Thylea; I should
know! Its thunderous footsteps make everything else in the world feel small
by contrast. It makes a man proud! And perhaps also slightly insecure.

— Pythor, God of Battle

366

Appendix E | Monster s

CHA
1 (-5)

It is possible to be too beautiful for one's own good.
Marble golems illustrate this principle. They cannot
help but take pride in their own appearance, for
they are created to be pleasing to the eyes, But
their beauty also inspires hateful envy. Eventually,
someone is tempted to deface their handsome
features, even at the risk of death. Vanity and envy;
they are always the bane of beauty.
— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

Golem, Marble
Marble golems are usually sculpted to resemble beautiful heroes and rulers from ages past. The wizards
who build them require the services of great artisans,
because the golem's features must be extremely lifelike
for the animating magic to take hold. There are rumors
that evil wizards resort to petrifying beautiful youths to
get the materials they need for construction.
Aesthetic Guardians. Marble golems are usually set
to guard areas where aesthetic beauty is desired—temples, palaces, libraries, or estates. Marble golems can be
disguised as normal statues, but they come alive under
certain conditions. For example, it might attack trespassers who enter a room without speaking the proper
password. They can also activate on a command word
from their designated master.
Narcissistic Spirits. Marble golems are animated by
spirits plucked from the elemental planes and forcibly
bound into artificial bodies. The spirits unwittingly
attracted to these particular constructs are always vain,
and golem builders take advantage of their conceited
natures when weaving the necessary binding spells. As
long as the spirit finds its new form and surroundings
suitably beautiful, it is much less likely to break free
from its master’s control. Great care is therefore given to
ensuring that marble golems are displayed in such a way
that their beauty is emphasized and respected.
Relentless Pursuit. A marble golem usually stop its
attacks once an enemy has fled. However, if the marble
golem has had its beauty marred, the spirit inside will
become enraged. The golem will become relentless in
its desire to track down and kill whoever damaged it.
While the golem doesn’t have any magical ability to
track the object of its hatred, it can follow footprints,
and it will interrogate (or destroy) anyone who stands
in its way.

Marble Golem
Medium construct, unaligned

Armor Class 16 (natural armor)
Hit Points 75 (10d8 + 30)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
18 (+4) 12 (+1) 16 (+3)

INT
5 (-3)

WIS
10 (+0)

CHA
1 (-5)

Skills Intimidation +7, Survival +3
Damage Immunities fire, poison, psychic; bludgeoning,
piercing, and slashing from nonmagical weapons
Condition Immunities charmed, exhaustion, frightened,
paralyzed, petrified, poisoned
Senses darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 10
Languages speaks the languages of its creator (usually
common)
Challenge 4 (1,100 XP)
Immutable Form. The golem is immune to any spell or
effect that would alter its form.
Magic Resistance. The golem has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.
Magic Weapons. The golem's weapon attacks are
magical.
False Appearance. When the marble golem remains
motionless, it is indistinguishable from a normal statue.
Relentless. When reduced to 0 hit points, the golem
ceases all movement, but it does not die. At the end
of its next turn, the golem regains half of its hit points.
This is considered to be its new maximum hit point
total. This can only be triggered twice. Whenever
relentelss is triggered, the golem gains a random
disability (d4).
1. Broken Spear. The golem can only use slam attacks.
2. Broken Arm. The golem can only use one spear attack.
3. Broken Leg. The golem's movement is reduced to 5 ft.
4. Broken Head. The golem is blinded and deafened.

Actions
Multiattack. The golem makes two spear or slam
attacks.
Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 11 (2d6 + 4) bludgeoning damage.
Slam. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 9 (2d4 + 4) bludgeoning damage.

Appendix E | Monster s

369

Automaton, Keledone
The keledone are golden constructs fashioned by the
gods to resemble beautiful women with great shining
wings. These automata exist to serve their creators
with unflinching loyalty, sometimes well after their
creator's destruction. Some mortals may mistake the
keledone for goddesses themselves due to their perfect
forms and timeless immutability. Keledone tend to
have serene dispositions. They are unfazed by even the
most fearsome threats.
Enchanting Melodies. A keledone’s greatest weapon
is her magnificent voice, which has the power to evoke
both soothing comfort and haunting despair in all who
hear it. One of her songs dredges up and intensifies a
listener’s most sorrowful memories, which may break
the psyche of those with lesser wills. Another tune lulls a
keledone’s aggressors into a deep sleep. Depending upon
the severity of her victim’s transgression, a keledone
may continue her somnolent song long enough that her
target dies of dehydration. However, the keledone do not
only use their songs for offensive purposes; they have
been known to grant calmness and peace to the minds
of troubled mortal supplicants.
Celestial Guardians. The keledone are often
charged with protecting holy sites, such as temples,
necropolises, and other locations that are important
to their creators. Some have even been built into the
very walls of their charges. Unlike lesser automatons,
keledone need no maintenance to continue their
tasks. Many keledone have stood watch for millennia,
completely untouched by time. A keledone may be
instructed to keep trespassers away using deadly force,
while others simply ensure the safety of their charges.
Some keledone are tasked with testing adventurers,
ensuring that only the strong are able to press on to
find the knowledge or treasure that they seek.
Mechanical Will. The keledone are intelligent
constructs imbued with a self-awareness that is rare
among automatons. Although it's not an inherent trait,
keledone may develop distinct personalities or identities
over the course of centuries. This phenomenon occurs
most often in keledone who frequently interact with
other beings, whether they are other intelligent constructs, supernatural creatures, or mere mortals. Despite

their individuality, however, it is exceedingly rare for a
keledone to shirk her duties or abandon her post. Those
who do find that the magic that sustains them will begin
to fade. A disloyal keledone quickly loses her ability to
fly, as her heavy metal wings become unable to support
the weight of her solid gold frame.

Keledone

Medium construct, unaligned
Armor Class 16 (natural armor)
Hit Points 90 (12d8 + 36)
Speed 30 ft., fly 60 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
10 (+0) 12 (+1) 16 (+3) 11 (+0) 10 (+0) 10 (+0)
Damage Resistances fire, cold
Damage Immunities lightning, poison, psychic
Condition Immunities charmed, exhaustion, frightened,
paralyzed, petrified, poisoned
Senses darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 10
Languages Common, Celestial
Challenge 7 (2,900 XP)
Immutable Form. The keledone is immune to any spell or
effect that would alter its form.
Magic Resistance. The keledone has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.

Actions
Song of Pain. The keledone sings a song of despair. Each
creature within 20 feet of her that can hear her and
that isn't a construct must succeed on a DC 14 Wisdom
saving throw, taking 28 (8d6) psychic damage on a failed
save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
Song of Sleep. The keledone sings a song to lull its
enemies to sleep. Each creature within 20 feet of her
that can hear her and that isn't a construct must succeed
on a DC 14 Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save,
the creature falls unconscious for one minute (or until
it takes damage or another creature takes an action to
shake it awake).

We entered the tomb expecting naught but deathly silence. How strange it was to
instead be greeted by the sound of clear voices singing.

— Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (16 CE)

370

Appendix E | Monster s

BEHEMOTH

Power of the Gods. Behemoths have the ability to
use the energies of creation against their enemies. They
are capable of breathing out streams of energy that can
obliterate flesh, metal, and stone. Few creatures can
survive a direct hit from such a blast. When the gods
imprisoned the behemoths, they were forced to muzzle
them with adamantine chains in order to keep such
immense primordial energy contained.
Engines of Destruction. Behemoths exist for a single
purpose: to annihilate anything and everything. Unlike
the bestial tarrasque, behemoths do not eat, sleep,
or drink. They are sustained only by an appetite for
destruction so vast that even if they were to destroy the
world itself, they would still be unsatisfied. In such an
event, the victorious behemoth would simply seek new
worlds to destroy, drifting through space for aeons until
it discovers a new focus for its unquenchable rage.

Behemoth

on a DC 20 Dexterity saving throw or be swallowed
by the behemoth. A swallowed creature is blinded and
restrained, it has total cover against attacks and other
effects outside the behemoth, and it takes 56 (16d6) acid
damage at the start of each of the behemoth's turns.

At the dawn of creation, the ancient gods fought countless bloody wars amongst themselves, vying for divine
supremacy. In these primordial battles, the gods created weapons of such unthinkable power that the very
fabric of reality was threatened. Some of these weapons
were gargantuan titans that could rip apart dragons and
giants as if they were mere insects.
When these divine wars came to an end, the gods
that remained were forced to imprison the behemoths
that they had created. They locked their creations away
in impregnable prisons, buried deep within the bowels
of the world. It's possible that the gods imprisoned
these creatures so that they could use them again in
future conflicts—but it's also possible that the gods
were simply incapable of destroying creatures of such
immense power.

Gargantuan monstrosity (titan), any
Armor Class 20 (natural)
Hit Points 615 (30d20 + 300)
Speed 50 ft., swim 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
30 (+10) 10 (+0) 30 (+10) 8 (-1)

WIS
CHA
10 (+0) 16 (+3)

Saving Throws Int +8, Wis +9, Cha +12
Skills Perception + 9
Damage Immunities bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing
from nonmagical attacks
Condition Immunities charmed, frightened, paralyzed,
poisoned
Senses blindsight 120 ft., passive Perception 19
Languages Challenge 28 (120,000 XP)
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If the behemoth fails a
saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.
Magic Resistance. The behemoth has advantage on
saving throws against spells and other magical effects.
Magic Weapons. The behemoth's weapon attacks are
magical.
Siege Weapon. The behemoth does double damage
against objects and structures.

Actions
Multiattack. The behemoth makes four attacks: one
with its bite, two with its claws, and one with its tail.
Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +19 to hit, reach 15 ft.,
one target. Hit: 36 (4d12 + 10) piercing damage. If the
target is a large or smaller creature, it must succeed

If the behemoth takes 50 damage or more on a single
turn from a creature inside it, the behemoth must
succeed on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw at the
end of that turn or else it regurgitates all swallowed
creatures, who fall prone in a space within 10 feet of the
behemoth. If the behemoth dies, swallowed creatures
are no longer restrained by it and can escape from the
corpse by using 30 feet of movement.
Claw. Melee Weapon Attack: +19 to hit, reach 15 ft., one
target. Hit: 32 (4d10 + 10) slashing damage.
Tail. Melee Weapon Attack: +19 to hit, reach 15 ft., one
target. Hit: 28 (4d8 + 10) bludgeoning damage.
Energy Breath (Recharge 5-6). The behemoth exhales
energy in a 300-foot line that is 10 ft. wide. Each
creature in that line must make a DC 20 Dexterity saving
throw, taking 72 (16d8) necrotic or radiant damage
(behemoth's choice) on a failed save, or half as much
damage on a successful one.

Legendary Actions
The behemoth can take 3 legendary actions, choosing
from the options below. Only one legendary action
option can be used at a time and only at the end of
another creature's turn. The behemoth regains spent
legendary actions at the start of its turn.
Attack. The behemoth makes one attack with its claw.
Move. The behemoth moves its speed.
Bite (Costs 2 Actions). The behemoth makes one attack
with its bite.

Appendix E | Monster s

373

CENTAUR

Haughty, vain, and fiercely loyal to their kin, centaurs
are creatures with the upper torso of a human and the
lower torso of a horse. They gather into nomadic tribes
and roam wide open landscapes, skirmishing during
the day and singing under the stars at night.
Centaur culture heavily emphasizes martial prowess,
and they are generally expected to hone their fighting
skills as soon as they are old enough to hold a weapon.
Centaurs favor longbows and polearms, the latter of
which allow them to take advantage of their large size
when battling against smaller races. Despite their focus
on warfare, centaurs are a highly cultured people who
produce impressive works of art and song, though these
are rarely shared with outsiders.
Natural Druids. Centaurs feel a special connection to
nature and exact vengeance upon any who disrespect it.
Inborn aptitude for the druidic arts is common among
centaurs. Young centaur foals who show an aptitude for
spellcasting are quickly identified and trained as druids
from an early age. Centaur druids are highly respected
among their peers, for they are more deeply connected
to the land and to the stars than most races.
Free-Spirited Nomads. Centaurs do not create
permanent settlements and instead constantly roam,

Centaur Druid

Large humanoid (any race), any neutral alignment
Armor Class 12 (17 with barkskin)
Hit Points 60 (8d10 + 16)
Speed 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
18 (+4) 14 (+2) 14 (+2) 10 (+0) 16 (+3) 12 (+1)
Skills Medicine +5, Nature + 5, Perception +5
Senses passive Perception 15
Languages Common, Druidic, Elvish, Sylvan
Challenge 7 (2,900 XP)
Charge. If the centaur druid moves at least 30 feet
straight toward a target and then hits it with a pike
attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 10
(3d6) piercing damage.
Wildshape. Twice per day, the centaur druid can use
a bonus action to change into a giant scorpion, killer
whale, or giant eagle. The centaur druid's statistics are
replaced by the statistics of the beast, but the druid
retains its alignment, personality, and Intelligence,
Wisdom, and Charisma scores. When the centaur
druid transforms, it assumes the beast’s hit points and
hit dice. When the centaur druid reverts to its normal
form, it returns to the number of hit points it had
before it transformed. However, if the centaur druid

374

Appendix E | Monster s

setting up new temporary camps wherever the hunting
is best. They look to the stars to determine when it is
time to move on to new pastures. Living off of game
and the occasional foraging, centaurs find the concept
of agriculture very strange. Such practices require
becoming rooted to one place, and they view the
domestication of animals to be a complete perversion
of nature.

Centaurs in Thylea
Centaurs are fiercely loyal to Thylea's native gods. Most
tribes venerate the Mother Goddess Thylea, but many
others worship the Twin Titans, Sydon and Lutheria.
This does not necessarily make them evil—the Titans
have long protected the centaur tribes and blessed them
with glorious battles and bountiful land.
Centaur history reaches back to long before the arrival
of the settler races. When the first settlers arrived, the
centaur tribes were largely indifferent to their presence. But during the First War, the Dragonlords and
the Five Gods struck devastating blows against the
centaur tribes. This has resulted in long-lasting enmity.
Consequently, for the past several centuries, the centaurs have increasingly sought to drive the trespassing
settler races out of Thylea by any means necessary.

reverts as a result of dropping to 0 hit points, any excess
damage carries over to the normal form. In beast form,
a centaur druid can’t cast spells, but this doesn’t break
concentration on a spell already cast.
Spellcasting: The centaur druid is a 9th-level spellcaster.
Its spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 14,
+6 to hit with spell attacks). It has the following druid
spells prepared:
Cantrips (at will): druidcraft, produce flame, resistance,
shillelagh
1st level (4 slots): entangle, healing word, longstrider,
speak with animals, thunderwave
2nd level (3 slots): animal messenger, barkskin, heat metal
3rd level (3 slots): call lightning, plant growth
4th level (1 slots): control water, wall of fire
5th level (1 slot): tree stride

Actions
Change Shape. The centaur druid can use its wildshape as
a bonus action before or after taking a regular action. The
centaur retains the change shape action in its new form.
Multiattack. The centaur druid makes two attacks: one
with its pike and one with its hooves.
Pike. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 10 ft., one
target. Hit: 9 (1d10 + 4) piercing damage.
Hooves. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 11 (2d6 + 4) bludgeoning damage.

Centaur Lord

Large monstrosity, chaotic neutral
Armor Class 15
Hit Points 152 (16d10+64)
Speed 50 ft.

Centaur Hero
Large monstrosity, chaotic neutral
Armor Class 14
Hit Points 57 (6d10+24)
Speed 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
20 (+5) 18 (+4) 18 (+4) 11 (+0) 14 (+2) 12 (+1)
Skills Athletics +8, Perception +5, Survival +5
Senses passive Perception 15
Languages Common, Elvish, Sylvan
Challenge 3 (700 XP)
Charge. If the centaur moves at least 30 ft. straight
toward a target and then hits it with a pike attack on the
same turn, the target takes an extra 10 (3d6) piercing
damage.

Actions
Multiattack. The centaur makes two attacks: one with
its pike and one with its hooves, or two with its longbow.
Jancan Pike. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 11 (1d10 + 6) slashing damage.
Hooves. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 12 (2d6 + 5) piercing damage.
Longbow. Ranged Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, range
150/600 ft., one target. Hit: 8 (1d8 + 4) piercing damage.

376

Appendix E | Monster s

STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
22 (+6) 20 (+5) 18 (+4) 11 (+0) 14 (+2) 16 (+3)
Skills Athletics +10, Perception +6, Survival +6
Senses passive Perception 15
Languages Common, Elvish, Sylvan
Challenge 9 (5000 XP)
Legendary Resistance (1/Day). If the centaur lord fails a
saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.
Charge. If the centaur moves at least 30 ft. straight
toward a target and then hits it with a pike attack
on the same turn, the target takes an extra 20 (6d6)
piercing damage.

Actions
Multiattack. The centaur makes four attacks: three with
its storm pike and one with its hooves, or four with its
longbow.
Storm Pike. Melee Weapon Attack: +11 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 12 (1d10 + 7) slashing damage plus 10
(3d6) lightning damage.
Hooves. Melee Weapon Attack: +10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 13 (2d6 + 6) piercing damage.
Longbow. Ranged Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, range
150/600 ft., one target. Hit: 9 (1d8 + 5) piercing damage.
Blessing of the Gods. As a bonus action, the centaur lord
calls upon the gods. All centaurs within a 30 ft. radius,
including the centaur lord, gains the benefit of the bless
spell for 1 minute. The centaur lord does not need to
concentrate on this spell.

CYCLOPS

The cyclopes are a primordial race of giants descended
from godlike beings. Their ancient ancestors were great
soldiers, smiths, and builders. Today, most cyclopes are
only a pale reflection of their ancestors. They can vary
in size, in intellect, and in the number of arms or fingers
that they have, but one feature is always the same—a
single great eye under their brow, instead of two.
Descended from Gods. Cyclopes have the blood of
gods in their veins. Empyreans are the most common
progenitors of the cyclopes, though some cyclopes can
claim to be the children of a lesser god that visited the
mortal world in the distant past.
Lost Purpose. The cyclopes used to have a greater
purpose—to forge weapons to be used by the gods; to
guard great treasure vaults filled with doomsday weapons; or to build massive fortresses, towers, and other
wondrous architecture. These great tasks have long
since been abandoned or forgotten.
Infatuation. Cyclopes often become infatuated with
members of the fey races. This infatuation is doomed
to end in tragedy, for the fey look upon cyclopes as
ugly brutes. The best that a cyclops can hope for is to
become a servant, to be used and manipulated.
Arms and Armor. Most cyclopes wear ill-fitted clothing and barbaric weapons, but others are more lucky.
These cyclopes wear finely-crafted weapons and armor
that have been provided by a powerful patron.
Cyclopes with Superior Equipment

Variant Cyclops: Cyclops Lord
Powerful cyclops lords who are equipped by a Jancan
wear +2 splintmail. They also use a +2 shield and a +2
warhammer. They have AC 23 and +11 to hit, and their
attacks inflict 21 (3d8 +11) bludgeoning damage.

Jancan

Huge giant, chaotic neutral
Armor Class 15
Hit Points 114 (12d12 + 36)
Speed 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
20 (+5) 20 (+5) 16 (+3) 18 (+4)

WIS
8 (-1)

CHA
10 (+0)

Senses passive Perception 9
Languages Common, Giant
Challenge 8 (3,900 XP)
Poor Depth Perception. The jancan has disadvantage on
any attack roll against a target more than 30 feet away.

Actions
Multiattack. The jancan makes two hammer attacks.
Hammer. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 19 (3d8 + 6) bludgeoning damage plus 10
(3d6) fire damage.

A cyclops with a powerful patron wears splint mail, a
shield, and a warhammer. These cyclopes have AC 19.
Especially powerful cyclopes might wield mauls that
inflict 29 (6d6 +8) bludgeoning damage with every attack.

Arcane Hand (1/day). The jancan creates a large
translucent magical hand. It is an object that has AC 20
and hit points equal to the jancan’s hit point maximum.
After 1 minute (or if it drops to 0 hit points), the hand
vanishes. It has a Strength of 26 (+8) and a Dexterity of
10 (+0). The hand doesn't fill its space.

Jancan Cyclopes

As a bonus action, the jancan can move the hand up to
60 feet and cause one of the following effects:

Occasionally a cyclops will give birth to child that possesses ten fingers per hand and ten toes per foot. These
cyclopes are called jancan, and they are treated with
great reverence, because they have remarkable innate
talents that allow them to become legendary smiths.
Foul Tempers. The jancan are known to have foul
tempers and an evil disposition. Although they might
faithfully serve other cylcopes, they will often play evil
tricks on their own kin. They resent the long years they
spend crafting fine weapons for stupid brutes.
Legendary Smiths. Jancan are capable of building
wondrous weapons due to the nimbleness of their
many-fingered hands. They can only forge these items
for huge creatures. These items of +1, +2, or +3 quality
are bonded to the soul of a single owner and they lose
their magical properties when the owner dies.

Clenched Fist. The hand strikes one target at +7 to hit,
reach 5 ft. for 18 (4d8) force damage.
Forceful Hand. The hand pushes a creature in a direction
the jancan chooses. The creature must make a DC
15 Strength saving throw or be pushed up to 20 ft.
Medium or smaller targets have disadvantage on the
saving throw.
Grasping Hand. The hand grasps one target at +7 to
hit, reach 5 ft. for 11 (2d6 + 4) bludgeoning damage.
If the target is a huge or smaller creature, it becomes
grappled (escape DC 15).
Interposing Hand. The hand interposes itself between
the jancan and a target the jancan chooses. The
hand provides the jancan with half cover against the
target. The target can't move through the hand's
space if its Strength score is less than 26. The hand
is considered difficult terrain for targets with 27 or
higher Strength.
Appendix E | Monster s

377

Cursed Weapons. Due to the malicious disposition
of the jancan, they often imbue items with a curse.
Sometimes this might be a curse of berserking—other
times it might be a curse of backbiting.

Blemys
Blemys are cyclopes that have no heads. Instead, they
have a single great cyclopean eye, along with a nose and
a mouth, in the center of their chests. The blemys are
cursed cyclops who live alone, filled with anger and bitterness. Their simmering anger often boils over during
battle, making them an even more fearsome foe.
Something to Prove. Despite their almost comical
appearance, blemys are formidable foes. Underestimating
their capabilities can lead to an untimely death. A blemys
that does not receive due and proper deference from
weaker creatures will demonstrate its giant strength by
tearing such disrespectful foes apart.
Blemys are frequently assumed to be unintelligent due
to their lack of a cranium, and many non-blemys believe,
incorrectly, that they are literally brainless. In fact,
blemys are the most intelligent type of cyclops. They can
outwit the average mortal settler, just as they outwitted
their civilized cousins, the gygans, in ages past.
The best strategy to avoid conflict with a blemys is to
challenge it to a battle of wits. Letting the blemys win
and then begging for mercy may be flattering enough
for it to spare the loser’s life. If a blemys is beaten by an
obviously superior intellect, its humiliation will likely
drive it to attack in a fit of rage. In such situations, opponents can take advantage of the blemys' limited field of
view. If a dexterous and observant individual avoids the
blemys’ extreme tunnel vision for long enough, then it
may be convinced that its quarry has escaped and give
up its search in tearful frustration.
Nomadic Lifestyle. Blemys’ prickly personalities
and antisocial tendencies prevent these creatures from
forming communities. They live by raiding poorly-defended settlements for food and other goods, and given
the opportunity, they may even steal from their own kindred. As a result, blemys often find themselves wandering alone, as they are quickly driven from an area once
survivors of their raids recover and organize.
Uncertain Origins. The origin of these outlandish
cyclopes is unknown. Some scholars believe that their
condition is a divine curse. Blemys progenitors may
have comprised a civilization of particularly intelligent,
charismatic, and social cyclopes that were uncharacteristically prone to vanity. This, possibly combined with
the nonreligious nature of most cyclopes, attracted the
attention of cruel gods who decided to punish them for
their pride and narcissism. Robbed of their good looks
and affluence, the blemys’ civilization quickly collapsed,
driving their descendants into lonely lives of perpetual
dissatisfaction.

Blemys

Huge giant, chaotic evil
Armor Class 14 (natural armor)
Hit Points 150 (12d12 + 72)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
22 (+6) 10 (+0) 22 (+6) 12 (+1)

WIS
8 (-1)

CHA
11 (+0)

Senses passive Perception 9
Languages Common, Giant
Challenge 8 (3,900 XP)
Poor Depth Perception. The blemys has disadvantage on
any attack roll against a target more than 30 feet away.
Fury. The blemys becomes angrier as a battle progresses.
As soon as a blemys takes damage, he becomes furious
and gains 2 points of Strength (and +1 to hit and damage
on all attacks). At the start of each of the blemys' turns,
its Strength increases by another 2 to a maximum of 30.
The blemys also gets other bonuses as its rage builds:
Round 2. Advantage on all attacks.
Round 3. Can use a bonus action to Dash.
Round 4. Resistance to bludgeoning, piercing and
slashing damage.

Actions
Multiattack. The blemys makes two grab attacks. It can
make one smash or throw attack for each creature that it
has grappled.
Grab. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 13 (3d4 + 6) bludgeoning damage. The
target is grappled (escape DC 16). If the target is large or
smaller, then it is also restrained until the grapple ends.
The blemys can have two targets grappled at one time.
Smash. The blemys smashes one large or smaller creature
that it has grappled repeatedly into the ground for 19
(3d8 + 6) bludgeoning damage.
Throw. The blemys throws one large or smaller creature
that it has grappled. The thrown creature takes 16 (4d4 +
6) bludgeoning damage. The blemys can aim the thrown
creature at another target creature within 60 feet of it.
It makes an attack roll at +9 to hit and if successful, both
creatures take 16 (4d4 + 6) bludgeoning damage.

Of all the cyclopes, I hate the blemys the most.
Don’t make the mistake of feeling sorry for them.
That just makes them angrier
— Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria

Gygan
Gygans are six-armed giants with a single eye. It is
rumored that they are descended from an ancient cyclopean race that was spawned by the gods and thrived
millennia ago. Their civilization of city-states competed
in great gaming competitions with an emphasis on
boxing and wrestling. Sometimes these games could
devolve into outright warfare. With the decline of their
once great civilization, gygans now live together in small
family groups or sometimes alone.
Civilized. Unlike typical cyclopes, gygans echo their
once-great civilization in their current lives. Instead of
a city-state comprised of a single grand metropolis and
the surrounding area, the gygans of today form groups
based around a powerful family. A gygan community
begins with a grand founder family estate that is built up
over time, that attracts solitary gygans and mates from

other family groups. These newcomers construct their
own homes nearby, creating patches of relatively secure
farmland between estates. Gygans within these family
groups cooperate to produce food, wine, clothing, art,
and entertainment. These self-sustaining communities
rarely interact with non-gygans. Consequently, each
insular family group develops a distinct culture that may
be lost completely if disaster strikes the community.
Some gygan family groups have become so isolated that
their members speak dialects not intelligible to other
speakers of giant or common, including other gygans in
the same area.
Superb Athletes. The six arms of a gygan gives it
unparalleled athletic prowess. They combine strength
with agility and are fearsome warriors due to their ability to use multiple weapons and shields. They can also
grapple opponents with their extra arms in order to pin
them down before finishing them off.

Gygan

Gygan Hero

Armor Class 18 (natural armor, shields)
Hit Points 68 (8d10 + 24)
Speed 40 ft.

Armor Class 20 (natural armor, jancan shields)
Hit Points 84 (8d10 + 40)
Speed 40 ft.

Large giant, chaotic neutral

STR
DEX
CON
INT
20 (+5) 14 (+2) 16 (+3) 10 (+0)

Large giant, chaotic neutral

WIS
8 (-1)

CHA
10 (+0)

WIS
8 (-1)

CHA
10 (+0)

Senses passive Perception 9
Languages Common, Giant
Challenge 4 (1,100 XP)

Senses passive Perception 9
Languages Common, Giant
Challenge 6 (2,300 XP)

Poor Depth Perception. The gygan has disadvantage on
any attack roll against a target more than 30 feet away.

Poor Depth Perception. The gygan has disadvantage on
any attack roll against a target more than 30 feet away.

Six Arms. The gygan gets an extra reaction that can be
used only for opportunity attacks.

Six Arms. The gygan gets an extra reaction that can be
used only for opportunity attacks.

Two Shields. The gygan carries two shields. Both count
into his Armor Class calculation.

Two Shields. The gygan carries two shields. Both count
into his Armor Class calculation.

Actions

Actions

Multiattack. The gygan makes three attacks: one with its
grapple and two with its spear or two with its javelin.
Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 14 (2d8 + 5) piercing damage.
Grapple. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. The target is grappled (escape DC 15). if the
target is Medium or smaller, it is also restrained until the
grapple ends. While grappling the target, the gygan has
advantage on attack rolls against the target and can't use
this attack against other targets.
Javelin. Ranged Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, range 30/90 ft.,
one target. Hit: 12 (2d6 + 5) piercing damage.

380

STR
DEX
CON
INT
22 (+6) 14 (+2) 20 (+5) 10 (+0)

Appendix E | Monster s

Multiattack. The gygan makes five attacks: one with
its grapple and four with its short swords, or the gygan
makes three attacks with its javelins.
Jancan Shortsword. Melee Weapon Attack: +10 to hit,
reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 14 (2d6 + 7) piercing damage.
Grapple. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. The target is grappled (escape DC 17). if the
target is Medium or smaller, it is also restrained until the
grapple ends. While grappling the target, the gygan has
advantage on attack rolls against the target and can't use
this attack against other targets.
Javelin. Ranged Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, range 30/90 ft.,
one target. Hit: 13 (2d6 + 6) piercing damage.

EMPYREAN

Empyreans are mortals who have been elevated to a
form of godhood by a pantheon of greater deities. They
are often the offspring of gods and mortals who have
proven themselves worthy of divine power by performing great deeds. Once transformed, they become celestials and take on properties of their divine domain.
Striving for Greatness. Empyreans are at the lowest
tier within a divine pantheon. They involve themselves
much more in the mortal world, in order to win glory
and attention from more powerful gods. They will often
walk amongst mortals at human size in order to learn
the goings on of the world. Occasionally, they meddle in
the affairs of mortals. For example, they might encourage wars between kingdoms, introduce powerful magical knowledge into primitive cultures, or even release
powerful monsters that are better left asleep.
Fledgling Pantheons. There are times when mortals strive to discover the secrets of divinity on their
own. Mortals are sometimes able to do this when they
ally with the other great men and women of their age.
The other pantheons of a world rarely welcome such
newcomers, as the multiverse has many tales of newer
pantheons supplanting the old. The ensuing struggles
between new gods and old can often tear a world apart.

Divine Domains
Every empyrean must have a single Divine Domain,
which determines the spells that it can cast.
Domain of Death
• 1st level spells: bane, ray of sickness
• 2nd level spells: blindness/deafness, ray of enfeeblement
• 3rd level spells: bestow curse, vampiric touch
• 4th level spells: blight, phantasmal killer
• 5th level spells: cloudkill, contagion
• 6th level spells: harm
• 7th level spells: resurrection
Domain of Knowledge
• 1st level spells: command, guiding bolt
• 2nd level spells: locate object, suggestion
• 3rd level spells: glyph of warding, speak with dead
• 4th level spells: arcane eye, confusion
• 5th level spells: geas, scrying
• 6th level spells: find the path
• 7th level spells: symbol
Domain of Life
• 1st level spells: cure wounds, bless
• 2nd level spells: aid, spiritual weapon
• 3rd level spells: beacon of hope, mass healing word
• 4th level spells: death ward
• 5th level spells: mass cure wounds, raise dead
• 6th level spells: heal
• 7th level spells: regenerate

The greatest honor that the titans can
This is a
bestow is the gift of godhood itself.
lish to
gift rarely given, and it is beyond foo
demand it. I need no such honor myself;
lly.
I desire only to serve the Lady faithfu
— Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria

Domain of Nature
• 1st level spells: entangle, fog cloud
• 2nd level spells: lesser restoration, spike growth
• 3rd level spells: plant growth, wind wall
• 4th level spells: control water, grasping vine
• 5th level spells: awaken, insect plague
• 6th level spells: wall of thorns
• 7th level spells: regenerate
Domain of the Sun
• 1st level spells: burning hands, faerie fire
• 2nd level spells: blindness/deafness, scorching ray
• 3rd level spells: daylight, fireball
• 4th level spells: fire shield, wall of fire
• 5th level spells: dispel evil and good, flame strike
• 6th level spells: sunbeam
• 7th level spells: fire storm
Domain of the Tempest
• 1st level spells: fog cloud, thunderwave
• 2nd level spells: gust of wind, shatter
• 3rd level spells: call lightning, sleet storm
• 4th level spells: greater invisibility, ice storm
• 5th level spells: destructive wave, telekinesis
• 6th level spells: chain lightning
• 7th level spells: fire storm
Domain of Trickery
• 1st level spells: charm person, tasha’s hideous laughter
• 2nd level spells: invisibility, mirror image
• 3rd level spells: counterspell, feign death
• 4th level spells: dimension door, greater invisibility
• 5th level spells: dominate person, mislead
• 6th level spells: mass suggestion
• 7th level spells: teleport
Domain of War
• 1st level spells: shield of faith, thunderous smite
• 2nd level spells: cloud of daggers, spiritual weapon
• 3rd level spells: blinding smite, spirit guardians
• 4th level spells: freedom of movement, staggering smite
• 5th level spells: destructive smite, hold monster
• 6th level spells: blade barrier
• 7th level spells: divine word
Appendix E | Monster s

383

Young Empyrean
Huge celestial (titan), any

Armor Class 18 (natural)
Hit Points 270 (20d12 + 140)
Speed 50 ft., fly 50 ft., swim 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
30 (+10) 16 (+3) 24 (+7) 18 (+4) 20 (+5) 20 (+5)
Saving Throws Str +15, Con +12, Wis +10, Cha +10
Skills Insight +13, Perception + 10, Persuasion +15
Damage Immunities bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing
from nonmagical attacks
Senses truesight 120 ft., passive Perception 20
Languages all
Challenge 16 (15,000 XP)
Innate Spellcasting. The empyrean's innate spellcasting
ability is Charisma (spell save DC 18, +13 to hit with
spell attacks). It can innately cast spells from its divine
domain, requiring no material components. The
empyrean is limited to the following spells:
1st level (4/day): See domain spell list
2nd level (3/day): See domain spell list
3rd level (3/day): See domain spell list
4th level (1/day): See domain spell list
Legendary Resistance (1/Day). If the empyrean fails a
saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.

Magic Weapons. The empyrean's weapon attacks are
magical.

Actions
Sacred Weapon. Melee Weapon Attack: +15 to hit, reach
10 ft., one target. Hit: 23 (3d8 + 10) bludgeoning,
piercing, or slashing damage (empyrean's choice).
Divine Blast. Ranged Spell Attack: +13 to hit, range
300 ft., one target. Hit: 24 (7d6) damage of one of the
following types (empyrean's choice): acid, cold, fire,
force, lightning, radiant, or thunder.
Change Size. The empyrean magically polymorphs into a
medium or large-sized humanoid. The empyrean retains
the same appearance that it did in its true form. The
empyrean's sacred weapon does reduced damage in
smaller sizes. 19 (2d8 + 10) for large size and 14 (1d8
+ 10) for medium size. Other than its size and sacred
weapon, its statistics remain the same.

Legendary Actions
The empyrean can take 2 legendary actions, choosing
from the options below. Only one legendary action
option can be used at a time and only at the end of
another creature's turn. The empyrean regains spent
legendary actions at the start of its turn.
Attack. The empyrean makes one attack.
Spell (Costs 2 Actions). The empyrean casts one spell of
2nd or lower level from its divine domain list.

Magic Resistance. The empyrean has advantage on
saving throws against spells and other magical effects.

There are many parts of Thylea that are yet unexplored, perhaps since before
the arrival of the first mortal settlers. There may be other titans out there, in
the deepest woods or the northern steppes — minor pantheons that have never
extended their influence beyond the borders of their domains.
— Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine

384

Appendix E | Monster s

Elder Empyrean
Huge celestial (titan), any

Armor Class 20 (natural)
Hit Points 290 (20d12 + 160)
Speed 50 ft., fly 50 ft., swim 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
30 (+10) 20 (+5) 27 (+8) 22 (+6) 24 (+7) 28 (+9)
Saving Throws Str +17, Con +14, Wis +14, Cha +16
Skills Insight +13, Perception + 13, Persuasion +16
Damage Immunities bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing
from nonmagical attacks
Senses truesight 120 ft., passive Perception 23
Languages all
Challenge 21 (33,000 XP)
Innate Spellcasting. The empyrean's innate spellcasting
ability is Charisma (spell save DC 24, +15 to hit with
spell attacks). It can innately cast spells from its divine
domain, requiring no material components. The
empyrean is limited to the following spells:
1st level (4/day): See domain spell list
2nd level (3/day): See domain spell list
3rd level (3/day): See domain spell list
4th level (2/day): See domain spell list
5th level (2/day): See domain spell list
6th level (1/day): See domain spell list
7th level (1/day): See domain spell list
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If the empyrean fails a
saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.

Magic Resistance. The empyrean has advantage on
saving throws against spells and other magical effects.
Magic Weapons. The empyrean's weapon attacks are
magical.

Actions
Sacred Weapon. Melee Weapon Attack: +17 to hit, reach
10 ft., one target. Hit: 26 (3d10 + 10) bludgeoning,
piercing, or slashing damage (empyrean's choice).
Divine Blast. Ranged Spell Attack: +15 to hit, range
300 ft., one target. Hit: 24 (7d6) damage of one of the
following types (empyrean's choice): acid, cold, fire,
force, lightning, radiant, or thunder.
Change Size. The empyrean magically polymorphs into a
medium or large-sized humanoid. The empyrean retains
the same appearance that it did in its true form. The
empyrean's sacred weapon does reduced damage in
smaller sizes. 21 (2d20 + 10) for large size and 15 (1d10
+ 10) for medium size. Other than its size and sacred
weapon, its statistics remain the same.

Legendary Actions
The empyrean can take 3 legendary actions, choosing
from the options below. Only one legendary action
option can be used at a time and only at the end of
another creature's turn. The empyrean regains spent
legendary actions at the start of its turn.
Attack. The empyrean makes one attack.
Spell (Costs 2 Actions). The empyrean casts one spell of
3rd or lower level from its divine domain list.

The Gigantes are strange ones; they believe so strongly in
their collective destiny that they are willing to endure the
most obscene squalor in the meantime. Should Hergeron
ever truly return, I think he would be horrified.
— Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine

GIGANTES

Twisted in body and mind, the hideous gigantes would
be a pitiable form of giant were it not for their prodigious cruelty and bloodlust. Gigantes feel driven to
kill any intelligent creature they encounter, with the
exception of other gigantes—though their violent and
unhinged nature means that even minor disagreements
between gigantes usually end in bloodshed. Despite
these flaws, gigantes are far from dumb brutes, and the
average gigantes is as intelligent as the average human.
This, combined with their great strength and erratic,
unpredictable behavior, makes the gigantes a particularly dangerous foe.
Abandoned Creations. The gigantes were originally
created by the Titan Hergeron. He intended them to
be his masterpiece, but they were left unfinished when
Hergeron was imprisoned by his brother, Sydon. Had
the gigantes been completed, it is said that their power
would have been the greatest of all the giants. A legend
told among the gigantes asserts that if Hergeron is ever
freed, he will finish his great work and transform all the
gigantes tribes into the perfect warriors.
Corrupted Blood. One of the derangements of the
gigantes is that their blood and saliva is poisonous
to most other creatures. Thus the gigantes lick their
spears before going into battle. They are also known
to spit their poison at their enemies. Gigantes witches
are able to use this spit to incite bloodlust in gigantes
warriors.
Perpetual War. Gigantes are hostile to all other races.
They are self-destructive with little regard for even their
own lives, and once a gigantes picks a fight it almost
always battles to the death. Occasionally, gigantes tribes
will work with minotaurs, as they feel some kinship to
the cursed bull-headed humanoids.
Social Structure. Although gigantes form social
groups, these bands can hardly be called a “community.” Each loosely structured group is held together
by two or three gigantes witches that claim to draw
power from their sleeping god, Hergeron. Gigantes
usually dwell in crudely built forts, often constructed
in deep forests or high mountains. In Thylea, the most
powerful gigantes tribes have been drawn to the lands
surrounding the city of Aresia, making travel to and
from the city an often deadly task.
386

Appendix E | Monster s

Gigantes

Large giant, neutral evil
Armor Class 17 (leather armor)
Hit Points 184 (16d10 + 96)
Speed 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
20 (+5) 18 (+4) 22 (+6) 10 (+0) 12 (+1) 16 (+3)
Skills Perception +5
Senses passive Perception 15
Languages Abyssal, Common, Giant, Infernal
Challenge 9 (5,000 XP)
Aggressive. As a bonus action, the gigantes can move up
to its speed toward a hostile creature that it can see.
Martial Advantage. Once per turn, the gigantes can deal
an extra 10 (3d6) damage to a creature it hits with a
weapon attack if that creature is within 5 feet of an ally
of the gigantes that isn't incapacitated.

Actions
Multiattack. The gigantes makes three spear attacks or
one spit attack.
Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 10 ft., one
target. Hit: 12 (2d6 + 5) piercing damage plus 7 (2d6)
poison damage, or 14 (2d8 + 5) piercing damage plus 7
(2d6) poison damage if used with two hands.
Spit. Ranged Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, range 15/30 ft.,
one target. Hit: 38 (10d6 + 3) poison damage plus the
target must make a DC 18 Constitution saving throw or
be poisoned for 10 rounds.

Variant: Gigantes Witch
Gigantes witches have the same statistics as regular
gigantes, but with the following additions:

Incite Rage. As a bonus action, a gigantes witch can
spit in a 20 ft. cone. The gigantes witch and any
other gigantes in the cone goes into a blood rage for
1 minute. During this time, a gigantes is immune to
the charm and frightened conditions. If a gigantes
is already charmed or frightened, the condition
immediately ends. The gigantes gains advantage on
all melee attacks and has resistance to bludgeoning,
piercing, and slashing damage.
Innate Spellcasting. The gigantes witch's innate
spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 14, +6 to
hit with spell attacks). The witch can innately cast the
following spells, requiring no components:
At will: hellish rebuke (at 5th level), mage armor
3/day each: counterspell, spirit guardians (at 5th level)
1/day: destructive wave

MEDUSA, EURYALE

The euryale is an ancient medusa that has transformed
over millennia into something far more dangerous. With
the body of a snake and the strength of a giant, the euryale is rightly feared more than any common medusa.
Ancient Medusa. To become a euryale, a medusa must
avoid death for thousands of years. Moreover, they must
never catch a glimpse of their own cursed reflection. Like
many monstrous magical creatures, medusae become
more formidable with age, as they gain in both raw power
and the wisdom to master that power. The ability to
outthink and outmaneuver countless foes over centuries
is also a testament to their cleverness, making the medusa
more likely to gain the cooperation of a fiendish patron
who can magnify their strengths even further.
Corrupted Beauty. More monstrous than other
medusae, a euryale’s human aspects have almost
entirely vanished. Its previous, weak humanoid body
has been replaced with a massive snake-like torso, and
its muscular, scaly arms possess strength rivaling a hill
giant. The euryale’s serpentine body can encircle and
crush smaller creatures with ease. Barbed, venomous
quills line the bodies of some euryales, and these quills
can be detached and used as arrows to strike at foes
that stand out of reach.
Despite this grotesque bodily transformation, the
euryale’s face continues to be eternally young and
beautiful, if somewhat unsettling. This ensures that the
terms of the pact or “boon” that created the original
medusa remains unbroken.
Fiendish Pact. Time alone is not enough to transform
a medusa into a Euryale. Those that wish to gain greater
power must seek out a mighty malevolent entity, such
as a demon lord or archdevil. The medusa may agree
to perform specific tasks or pledge servitude to such a
creature in exchange for its magic. In other cases, capricious beings may transform the medusa for no better
reason than their own amusement, hoping to unleash
chaos upon the Material Plane. The rare euryale that
does not consent to this change often goes mad, leaving
its lair to seek vengeance upon whichever unfortunate
souls it happens to encounter.

The curse of the medusa is rare, except in stories,
where the curse is unfailingly depicted as a tragic
affliction. Lately, I have begun to suspect that the
stories have it wrong. How many medusae truly
regret their curse, I wonder? How many do you
suppose sought out such a fate, owing to the immense
power that it affords them?
— Kyrah, Poet Laureate

Medusa, Euryale
Large monstrosity, lawful evil

Armor Class 17 (natural armor)
Hit Points 171 (18d10 + 72)
Speed 40 ft., climb 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
20 (+5) 17 (+3) 19 (+4) 13 (+1) 13 (+1) 19 (+4)
Skills Deception +8, Inisght +5, Perception +5, Stealth +8
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 17
Condition Immunities charmed, frightened
Languages Common
Challenge 13 (10,000 XP)
Petrifying Gaze. When a creature that can see the
medusa’s eyes starts its turn within 30 feet of the
medusa, the medusa can force it to make a DC 18
Constitution saving throw if the medusa can see the
creature. If the saving throw fails by 5 or more, the
creature is instantly petrified. Otherwise, a creature
that fails the save begins to turn to stone and is
restrained. The restrained creature must repeat the
saving throw at the end of its next turn, becoming
petrified on a failure or ending the effect on a success.
The petrification lasts until the creature is freed by the
greater restoration spell or other magic.
Unless surprised, a creature can avert its eyes to avoid
the saving throw at the start of its turn. If the creature
does so, it can’t see the medusa until the start of
its next turn, when it can avert its eyes again. If the
creature looks at the medusa in the meantime, it must
immediately make the save.
If the medusa sees itself reflected on a polished surface
within 30 feet of it and in an area of bright light, the
medusa is, due to its curse, affected by its own gaze.
Sneak Attack. If the medusa has advantage on a target
of a melee attack and it is attacking from stealth,
the target cannot cover their eyes and is affected by
petrifying gaze.

Actions
Multiattack. The medusa makes either two melee
attacks with its snake hair and one with its constrict or
three ranged attacks with its longbow.
Snake Hair. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one creature. Hit: 10 (2d4 + 5) piercing damage plus
21 (6d6) poison damage.
Constrict. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one creature. Hit: 15 (3d6 + 5) bludgeoning damage,
and the target is grappled (escape DC 16). Until this
grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the medusa
can't constrict another target.
Longbow. Ranged Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, range
150/600 ft., one target. Hit: 6 (1d8 + 2) piercing
damage plus 10 (3d6) poison damage.
Appendix E | Monster s

389

MINOTAUR

Cursed. Minotaurs are the descendants of a cursed
tribe of humans who angered the gods. They are often
shunned by the other mortal races, living on the outskirts of civilization in small nomadic tribes.
Shapechangers. Some minotaurs are born with the
ability to shapeshift fully into bulls. This transformation
is triggered by extreme anger or stress. Minotaurs who
make their living as warriors eventually master this
transformation and learn to control it.

Minotaur Hero

DC 14 Strength saving throw or be pushed up to 10 ft.
away and knocked prone. The minotaur can then use a
bonus action to attack twice with its greataxe.

Armor Class 17 (Jancan Breastplate)
Hit Points 94 (9d10+45)
Speed 40 ft.

Labyrinthine Recall. The minotaur can perfectly recall
any path it has traveled.

Minotaurs are hulking creatures that look like half-human, half-bull monstrosities. While many minotaurs
conform to the classic image of a bull’s head atop a
human body, others appear much more like humans,
distinguished primarily by their immense size and bulllike horns. In spite of this, many mortals treat them as
little more than bipedal beasts of burden.

Large monstrosity, chaotic neutral

STR
DEX
CON
20 (+5) 14 (+2) 20 (+5)

INT
6 (-2)

WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 10 (+0)

Skills Perception +5
Senses Darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 15
Languages Common
Challenge 5 (1,800 XP)
Charge. If the minotaur moves at least 10 ft. straight
toward a target and then hits it with a gore attack on
the same turn, the target takes an extra 9 (2d8) piercing
damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a

Minotaur Berserker
Large monstrosity, chaotic neutral
Armor Class 14 (natural armor)
Hit Points 189 (18d10 + 90)
Speed 40 ft. (50 ft. in bull form)
STR
DEX
CON
22 (+6) 14 (+2) 20 (+5)

INT
6 (-2)

WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 10 (+0)

Actions
Multiattack. The minotaur makes two melee attacks
with its greataxe.
Greataxe. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 18 (2d12 + 6) slashing damage.
Gore. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 13 (2d8 + 5) piercing damage.

Reckless. At the start of its turn, the minotaur can
gain advantage on all melee weapon Attack rolls it
makes during that turn, but Attack rolls against it have
advantage until the start of its next turn.
Shapechanger. The minotaur can use a bonus action to
polymorph into a bull, or back into its true form, which is
humanoid. Its statistics, other than its AC, are the same
in each form. Any equipment it is wearing or carrying
isn't transformed. It reverts to its true form if it dies.

Skills Perception +5
Senses Darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 15
Languages Common
Challenge 11 (7,200 XP)

Actions

Charge. If the minotaur moves at least 10 ft. straight
toward a target and then hits it with a gore attack on
the same turn, the target takes an extra 18 (4d8) piercing
damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a
DC 17 Strength saving throw or be pushed up to 10 ft.
away and knocked prone. The minotaur can then use a
bonus action to attack twice with its greataxe (humanoid
form) or hooves (bull form).

Battle Axe (humanoid form only). Melee Weapon Attack:
+10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 15 (2d8 + 6)
slashing damage.

Labyrinthine Recall. The minotaur can perfectly recall
any path it has traveled.

390

Reckless. At the start of its turn, the minotaur can
gain advantage on all melee weapon attack rolls it
makes during that turn, but attack rolls against it have
advantage until the start of its next turn.

Appendix E | Monster s

Multiattack. In humanoid form, the minotaur makes
three melee attacks with its battle axes. In bull form, the
minotaur makes two attacks with its hooves and one
with its gore.

Hooves (bull form only). Melee Weapon Attack: +10 to hit,
reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 17 (2d10 + 6) bludgeoning
damage.
Gore. Melee Weapon Attack: +10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 19 (2d12 + 6) piercing damage.

MYRMEKES

The myrmekes are a tenacious insect-like race that
resemble gigantic humanoid ants with shiny black
carapaces and beautiful, multicolored wings. A single
myrmekes is small and poses little threat. They are made
dangerous by their vast numbers: adventurers are very
unlikely to encounter just one or two myrmekes. As
eusocial beings with a shared hive-mind intelligence,
myrmekes maintain constant telepathic communication
with all nearby fellows. This creates a network that can
respond to distress calls across an expansive territory
controlled by the myrmekes.
Although not inherently malevolent, myrmekes are a
significant threat to all other forms of life in any ecosystem they enter. Their industrious nature, instinct
for aggressive expansion, rapacious consumption of
resources, and rapid breeding makes the myrmekes
incompatible with other creatures. Consequently, the
gods imprisoned the myrmekes on a remote island not
long after their creation. In addition to the physical barriers surrounding them, the myrmekes are also bound
by powerful magic to ensure their eternal isolation.
However, if this enchantment was ever broken, these
creatures could swarm over every continent, remaking
the entire world as an insectoid empire.
Myrmekes Worker. Most myrmekes belong to the
worker caste. This subtype is unremarkable, but because
of their shared hive mind, even the lowliest drone has a
direct link to the queen and access to her unfathomable
intelligence. This allows myrmekes to mimic the abilities
and traits of other creatures after observing them just
once. Additionally, though they lack creativity, this gives
myrmekes workers a genius-level intelligence rivaling
that of even the most gifted humans.
Myrmekes Advanced. Myrmekes that come into
contact with other intelligent civilizations assimilate the
knowledge and that culture which the myrmekes hive
mind deems valuable to its own continued survival. The
results of this process are embodied by the myrmekes
advanced. These creatures are more skilled than the
workers and wield advanced magic. They can use newfound knowledge to fight with weapons and supplement
their naturally tough exoskeletons with metal armor.
Myrmekes Queen. The queen is the central hub of the
swarm’s hive mind. She also serves as the mother to all
myrmekes, laying countless eggs each day. Despite her
larger size and superior intellect, the myrmekes queen
is physically weak and extremely vulnerable to attack if
caught alone. In fact, it is her great size that makes her
too slow to effectively use mimicry, cast spells, or avoid
incoming attacks. In the unlikely event that enemies
breach her royal chamber, she relies on her subjects
to defend her. However, because the myrmekes have
never lost a queen to sudden death or assassination, it is
uncertain how a violent end for the queen would affect
myrmekes civilization. Her loss might disrupt the hive
mind completely.
392

Appendix E | Monster s

Myrmekes Worker
Small humanoid, lawful neutral

Armor Class 12 (natural armor)
Hit Points 9 (2d8)
Speed 30 ft., fly 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
12 (+1) 12 (+1) 10 (+0) 20 (+5)

WIS
6 (-2)

CHA
8 (-1)

Skills Perception +1, Special
Condition Immunities charmed, frightened
Senses darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 11
Languages Myrmekes, Special
Challenge 1/4 (50 XP)
Mimicry. The myrmekes can mimic any sounds it has
heard, including voices. A creature that hears the sounds
can tell that they are imitations with a successful DC 14
Wisdom (Insight) check.
Hive Mind. The myrmekes is in constant telepathic
communication with all myrmekes witinin a mile.
Everything a myrmekes learns, all myrmekes in
telepathic range learn as well. The myrmekes has
advantage on an attack roll against a creature if
another myrmekes is within 5 feet of the creature and
the myrmekes isn't incapacitated.
Hive Learning. A myrmekes can learn an action or a trait
by watching a humanoid creature use it once. This action
or trait can be an arcane spell that is either a cantrip or
1st level and cannot have a material component. Hive
learning can also be used to learn the following: bardic
inspiration, cunning action, evasion, martial advantage,
multiattack, reckless, sneak attack. If it sees any of
the following fighting styles being used it can learn
them: archery, dueling, two weapon fighting. If it sees a
humanoid using extra attacks, it also learns multiattack.

Actions
Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 3 (1d4 + 1) piercing damage.

In spite of years of research, I can only hazard
a guess at the mystery hidden beneath the prison
of Titan's Folly. It cannot be some mundane evil,
such as a demon; there are better prisons for such
things. No, whatever lurks on that island must be
something that is dangerous by the very fact of its
very existence. Something that the Mother Goddess
would not wish to destroy; something she was
forced to contain...

— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

Myrmekes Queen

Everything a myrmekes learns, all myrmekes in telepathic
range learn as well. The myrmekes has advantage on an
attack roll against a creature if another myrmekes is within
5 feet of the creature and the myrmekes isn't incapacitated.

Large humanoid, lawful neutral
Armor Class 9
Hit Points 170 (20d10 + 60)
Speed 10 ft.
STR
12 (+1)

DEX
8 (-1)

Quick Mind. The myrmekes queen can make one
reaction for every turn in combat.

CON
INT
WIS
CHA
16 (+3) 30 (+10) 12 (+1) 20 (+5)

Skills Arcana +13, History +13, Nature +4, Perception +4
Religion +4, Special
Condition Immunities charmed, frightened
Senses truesight 60ft., passive Perception 16
Languages Myrmekes, Common, Dwarven, Elven, Special
Challenge 5 (1,800 XP)
Hive Mind. The myrmekes is in constant telepathic
communication with all myrmekes witinin a mile.

Myrmekes Advanced
Armor Class 15 (breastplate)
Hit Points 18 (4d8)
Speed 30 ft., fly 50 ft.
WIS
8 (-1)

CHA
8 (-1)

Skills Arcana +6, History +6, Nature +6, Perception +1
Religion +6, Stealth +2, Special
Condition Immunities charmed, frightened
Senses darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 11
Languages Myrmekes, Common, Dwarven, Elven,
Special
Challenge 1 (200 XP)
Mimicry. The myrmekes can mimic any sounds it has
heard, including voices. A creature that hears the sounds
can tell they are imitations with a successful DC 14
Wisdom (Insight) check.

394

Multiattack. The myrmekes queen makes two spit attacks.
Spit. Ranged Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, range 60 ft., one
target. Hit: 22 (5d8) acid damage.

Reactions
Redirect Attack. When a creature the myrmekes queen
can see targets it with an attack or spell, the queen
chooses another myrmekes within 10 feet of it. The
chosen myrmekes becomes the new target.

inspiration, cunning action, evasion, martial advantage,
multiattack, reckless, sneak attack. If it sees any of
the following fighting styles being used it can learn
them: archery, dueling, two weapon fighting. If it sees a
humanoid using extra attacks, it also learns multiattack.

Small humanoid, lawful neutral

STR
DEX
CON
INT
12 (+1) 12 (+1) 10 (+0) 20 (+5)

Actions

Innate Spellcasting. The myrmekes innate spellcasting
ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 14). The myrmekes
can innately cast the following spells, requiring no
components:
At will: ray of frost
1/day each: magic missile, shield
Cunning Action. On each of its turns, the myrmekes can
use a bonus action to take the Dash, Disengage, or Hide
action.
Martial Advantage. Once per turn, the myrmekes can
deal an extra 3 (1d6) damage to a creature it hits with a
weapon attack if that creature is within 5 feet of an ally
of the myrmekes that isn't incapacitated.

Actions
Multiattack. The myrmekes makes two spear attacks.

Hive Mind. The myrmekes is in constant telepathic
communication with all myrmekes witinin a mile.
Everything a myrmekes learns, all myrmekes in telepathic
range learn as well. The myrmekes has advantage on
an attack roll against a creature if another myrmekes
is within 5 feet of the creature and the myrmekes isn't
incapacitated.

Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 6 (1d6 + 3) piercing damage.

Hive Learning. A myrmekes can learn an action or a
trait by watching a humanoid creature use it once. This
action or trait can be an arcane spell that is either a
cantrip or level 1 and cannot have a material component.
Hive learning can also be use to learn following: bardic

Reactions

Appendix E | Monster s

Ray of Frost. Ranged Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, range 60
ft., one target. Hit: 4 (1d8) cold damage. The target's
speed is reduced by 10 feet until the start of the
myrmekes's next turn.

Shield (1/day). The myrmekes casts the shield spell and
adds 5 to its AC against one attack that would hit it. To
do so, the myrmekes must see the attacker.

MYTHIC BEASTS

Mythic beasts are animals that carry a divine spark. These
celestial creatures are neither good nor evil and while
they are not unique, mortals rarely catch a glimpse of
even one mythic beast in their lifetimes. The elusive
beasts make their homes in the great forests and plains of
both the fey and mortal realms. They are highly intelligent creatures that have the ability to speak. There are
four mythic beasts spoken of in legends: the golden lion,
the white stag, the great boar, and the golden ram.

are undertaken for the fame of slaying such a hugely
fearsome creature. The great boar is dangerous for
its amazing strength and deadly tusks, and because it
brings madness to its foes. All but the most disciplined
parties fall prey to this madness, and many hunters
have died at the hands of their fellows.

White Stag

With its monstrous size and many fearsome tusks,
there is no mistaking the great boar for an earthly creature. Great boar hunts are often organized to procure
a grand sacrifice to the gods, though sometimes they

Running through forests on its bronze hooves is the
white stag. Although not as physically imposing as the
other mythic beasts, the unparalleled speed of the white
stag make it a challenge to hunters. Despite its pure
white fur, the stag can blend in perfectly with any shadows to evade even the most observant mortals. Hunting
the white stag often represents a spiritual quest, and
legends say that those who can catch the beast without
killing it will be granted their greatest desire.

Great Boar

White Stag

Armor Class 14 (natural armor)
Hit Points 52 (5d10 + 25)
Speed 40 ft.

Armor Class 15 (natural armor)
Hit Points 63 (6d12 + 24)
Speed 60 ft.

Great Boar

Large celestial, unaligned

STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
20 (+5) 14 (+2) 20 (+5) 10 (+0) 14 (+2) 14 (+2)

Huge celestial, unaligned

STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
20 (+5) 16 (+3) 18 (+4) 12 (+1) 16 (+3) 14 (+2)

Skills Perception +5
Senses passive Perception 15
Languages Common, Sylvan
Challenge 3 (700 XP)

Skills Perception +6
Senses passive Perception 16
Languages Common, Sylvan
Challenge 4 (1,100 XP)

Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If the boar fails a saving
throw, it can choose to succeed instead.
Charge. If the boar moves at least 20 ft. straight toward
a target and then hits it with a tusk attack on the same
turn, the target takes an extra 10 (3d6) damage. If the
target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 15 Strength
saving throw or be knocked prone.
Relentless (Recharges after a Short or Long Rest). If the
boar takes 15 damage or less that would reduce it to
0 hit points, it is reduced to 1 hit point instead. The
boar may use its Chaos Presence as a reaction when
Relentless is triggered.

Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If the stag fails a saving
throw, it can choose to succeed instead.
Charge. If the stag moves at least 20 ft. straight toward
a target and then hits it with a ram attack on the same
turn, the target takes an extra 10 (3d6) damage. If the
target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 15 Strength
saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone,
the stag can make one hooves attack against it as a
bonus action.
Magic Resistance. The stag has advantage on saving
throws agasint spells and other magical effects.
Innate Spellcasting. The stag's innate spellcasting ability
is Intelligence (spell save DC 13). The stag can innately
cast the following spells, requiring no components:

Actions
Tusk. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 10 ft., one
target. Hit: 12 (2d6 + 5) bludgeoning damage.
Chaos Presence. Each creature of the boar's choice that is
within 40 feet of the boar and aware of it must succeed
on a DC 10 Wisdom saving throw or come under the
effects of the confusion spell for 1 minute. A creature can
repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns,
ending the effect on itself on a success. If a creature’s
saving throw is successful or the effect ends for it, the
creature is immune to this ability for the next 24 hours.

At will: blink, blur, misty step, shield
1/year: wish (It can only benefit others with this spell. It
will only do this if captured or reduced below 20 HP.)

Actions
Ram. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 10 ft., one
target. Hit: 12 (2d6 + 5) bludgeoning damage.
Hooves. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 23 (4d8 + 5) bludgeoning damage.
Appendix E | Monster s

395

Golden Lion

Golden Ram

The golden lion is an enormous, solitary hunter that
does not have a pride like its mundane kin. Its golden
fur is as strong as steel, providing the lion with tough
natural armor that is immune to non-magical weapons.
Some report that only the golden lion’s own teeth and
claws, which are sharper than any mortal weapon, can
cut through its hide. Because of this legendary resilience, a golden lion’s pelt is highly prized as a material
for forging powerful magic items.

The most obviously “celestial” of the mythic beasts, the
golden ram can traverse any terrain and can even run
through the sky itself. They also possess innate healing
magic and are said to be able to raise the dead. Like the
golden lion’s fur, the ram’s brilliant golden fleece is a
much sought-after component for magic items. Unlike
the lion, however, the ram can be shorn, so it is not necessary to kill a golden ram to obtain its fleece. Instead,
adventurers may choose to bargain with a golden ram or
convince it of their great and worthy need for its fleece.

Golden Lion

Magic Weapons. The lion's bite and claw attacks are
considered magical

Armor Class 20 (natural armor)
Hit Points 102 (12d12 + 24)
Speed 50 ft.

Pounce. If the lion moves at least 20 feet straight
toward a creature and then hits it with a claw attack
on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 18
Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target
is prone, the lion can make one bite attack against it as a
bonus action.

Huge celestial, unaligned

STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
26 (+8) 18 (+4) 14 (+2) 12 (+1) 16 (+3) 14 (+2)
Skills Perception +6, Stealth +11
Damage Immunities bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing
from nonmagical attacks
Senses darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 16
Languages Common, Sylvan
Challenge 6 (2,300 XP)
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If the lion fails a saving
throw, it can choose to succeed instead.

Running Leap. With a 10-foot running start, the lion can
jump up to 50 feet in a straight line.

Actions
Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +11 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 24 (2d8 + 8) piercing damage. The lion's bite
always does maximum damage.
Claw. Melee Weapon Attack: +11 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 20 (2d6 + 8) slashing damage. The lion's
claws always do maximum damage.

Keen Smell. The lion has advantage on Wisdom
(Perception) checks that rely on smell.

Golden Ram

turn, the target takes an extra 10 (3d6) damage. If the
target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 14 Strength
saving throw or be knocked prone.

Armor Class 13 (natural armor)
Hit Points 57 (6d10 + 24)
Speed 40 ft., fly 80 ft.

Blinding Fleece. In sunlight, the golden fleece of the ram
gives it the benefits of the blur spell. Anyone attacking
the golden ram must make a DC 15 Wisdom saving
throw or be blinded for one day.

Large celestial, unaligned

STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
20 (+5) 14 (+2) 18 (+4) 10 (+0) 14 (+2) 14 (+2)
Skills Perception +5
Senses passive Perception 15
Languages Common, Sylvan
Challenge 3 (700 XP)
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If the ram fails a saving
throw, it can choose to succeed instead.

Innate Spellcasting. The ram's innate spellcasting ability
is Charisma (spell save DC 12). The ram can innately cast
the following spells, requiring no components:
3/day each: mass cure wounds, greater restoration,
resurrection

Actions
Ram. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 10 ft., one
target. Hit: 12 (2d4 + 4) bludgeoning damage.

Charge. If the ram moves at least 20 ft. straight toward
a target and then hits it with a ram attack on the same

Appendix E | Monster s

397

NYMPHS

Nymphs are powerful fey who embody the splendor of
the natural world. Architects of wild beauty, nymphs
are bound to, and protect, the forests, rivers, springs,
meadows, mountains, and seas they shape and call
home. Nymphs feel a greater kinship to elves than do
most other fey, and the two groups resemble each other
in general appearance, though nymphs have more obviously supernatural features.
Enigmatic Values. All nymphs are incredibly beautiful and demand to be surrounded by aesthetically
elegant creatures and items that rival their own appearance. They are chaotic beings that believe in the importance of beauty above all else. Rather than viewing the
world in terms of good and evil, most nymphs see only
beauty and ugliness. To them, actions that create beauty
are laudable; beautiful creatures and objects must be
protected. That which destroys or damages beauty, or
promotes ugliness, must be eradicated.
Secluded Surroundings. Nymphs make homes in
the most beautiful locations of the natural world. They
augment these places, nurturing the plants, shaping
the earth, and purifying the water. Those seeking a
nymph should look to the most breathtaking natural
landmarks in their vicinity as a sign of her presence.
However, intruders are rarely welcome, as most
nymphs prefer to live in solitude. Many nymph homes
lie on the borders between the fey and the mortal
realm. Time passes differently in these locations,
and mortals who unwittingly wander into a nymph’s
domain for an afternoon may find themselves displaced by centuries in time.
Ephemeral Lovers. Many prominent heroes of legend
are thought to be the offspring of nymphs. Affairs
between nymphs and mortals tend to be fleeting and
frequently end in tragedy. Powerful mortals who are
seduced into joining nymphs in the fey realm may disappear from the mortal realm for centuries, throwing
kingdoms into chaos in the meantime. Nymphs taken
into the mortal world as wives and husbands soon pine
for the natural splendor of their wild homes, and they
usually abandon their mortal families.
Types of Nymphs
Nymphs are divided into six subraces: dryads of the forests, naiads of lakes and rivers, nereids of the oceans,
oreads of the mountains, oceanids of the islands, and
aurae of the night sky.
Nymphs may be male, female, both, or neither.
However, most nymphs possess certain delicate feminine qualities, regardless of their gender, and they are
collectively described with feminine pronouns.

398

Appendix E | Monster s

Nymph Lairs
The lair of a nymph is a beautiful, natural place that
reflects her type. For example, dryads make their lairs
in the branches and roots of a great tree to which she is
bound. Naiads often dwell within underwater caves that
can only be reached by swimming beneath a river or
lake. Oreads may choose picturesque ruins located high
in the mountain that she calls home. When a nymph’s
lair contains a connection to the fey, or lies within the
fey, she gains access to lair actions.
Lair Actions
On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), the nymph
can take a lair action to cause one of the following magical effects:

• The nymph glimpses the future, so that it has advan-

tage on attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws
until initiative count 20 on the next round.
• The nymph merges with her surroundings and reappears anywhere in her lair. This ability functions exactly
like dimension door except that it requires no components and the range is limited to within the nymph’s lair.
Regional Effects
The region containing a nymph’s lair is warped by the
ephemeral nature of the feywild.

• Time passes differently in the lair of the nymph. Every
day spent there counts as a month in the mortal
world. The nymph can decrease this rate of time passage to a week or increase it to a year.
• Monstrosities, aberrations, fiends, and humanoids
with Charisma scores of 8 or less feel extremely
uncomfortable in a nymph’s lair. They have disadvantage on all saving throws and ability checks.

Aurae
Aurea are nymphs associated with the sea and the
night sky, currents, breezes, and the constellations.
Each aurae claims an island for her home, and she
guards it with fearsome devotion. The most territorial
of the nymphs, aurae have taken it upon themselves to
stem the tide of civilization and do not tolerate mortals
on their islands. They are not malicious or cruel, and
they always give trespassers fair warning to leave. But
if their words go unheeded, they will not hesitate to
smite interlopers with all their power.
Aurae sometimes become muses for mortals. These
nymphs have an innate fascination with words and
language, and thrill in the abilities of poets, storytellers,
and lyricists. Some of history’s greatest songs, poems,
and tales are thought to have been inspired by aurae.
Like other nymphs, aurae can charm others to fight
for them, but they also wield great strength, both physical and magical. In battle, aurae weave fey magic into
beautiful songs to lull their opponents to sleep and to
inflict psychic harm through vivid nightmares.

Aurae

Medium fey (nymph), chaotic neutral
Armor Class 13
Hit Points 52 (8d8 + 16)
Speed 30 ft., swim 50 ft., fly 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
14 (+2) 16 (+3) 15 (+2) 14 (+2) 10 (+0) 20 (+5)
Skills Perception +3, Persuasion +8
Senses passive Perception 13
Languages Common, Elvish, Sylvan
Challenge 7 (2,900 XP)
Magic Resistance. The aurae has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.
Fey Beauty. When a creature that can see the aurae
starts its turn within 40 ft. of the aurae, the aurae can
force it to make a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw. Failure
means that the creature is blinded for 1 minute. A
creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each
of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success.
Fey Songs. The aurae can sing a magical song. Creatures
with less than 12 Charisma have disadvantage on saving
throws against these songs.

Actions
Multiattack. The aurae sings one song and uses her kiss.
Kiss of Obsession. The aurae kisses a charmed target
within 5 feet. The target must make a DC 15 Wisdom
saving throw or become obsessed with the aurae. The
target will defend her to the death against any of her
enemies, even if those enemies are friends. A creature
can make another saving throw at the end of its turn to
end the effect, but only if it has taken damage that turn.
Song of Charming. Every creature within 300 feet of the
aurae that can hear the song must succeed on a DC 15
Wisdom saving throw or be charmed until the song ends.
While charmed by the aurae, a creature is incapacitated.
The charmed creature must move towards the aurae
using its full move and the most direct route without
moving into damaging terrain. A charmed creature can
repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns
with a success ending the song's effect on it.
Song of Discord. Every creature within 300 feet of
the aurae that can hear the song takes 1 psychic
damage from a splitting headache. A creature under
the slumber effect of the aurae takes 21 (6d6) psychic
damage from violent nightmares. This damage does not
wake the creature.
Song of Slumber. Every creature within 10 feet of
the aurae that can hear the song must make a DC 15
Wisdom saving throw. A failure results in the creature
falling asleep. The creature can only be awoken if
it takes at least 10 damage or half of its hit points,
whichever is less.

400

Appendix E | Monster s

Naiad
Nymphs of fresh water, naiads make their homes in lakes,
streams, brooks, and wetlands. Naiads are the nymphs
that are most likely to come into contact with mortals.
Humans need to be close to reliable sources of fresh
water, and this frequently creates an overlap between
the domains of mortals and naiads. Some naiads even
choose to live in man-made structures, such as fountains and wells, if they deem them beautiful enough to
call home. Although naiads are often very curious about
the mortal world, their patience for the ugly noise and
bustle of cities remains short.
Naiads are coveted by mortals for both their great
beauty and their talents. They often have the ability to

Naiad

Medium fey (nymph), chaotic good (75%) or chaotic evil (25%)
Armor Class 12
Hit Points 60 (8d8 + 24)
Speed 30 ft., swim 30 ft.
STR
8 (-1)

DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
14 (+2) 16 (+3) 12 (+1) 14 (+2) 24 (+7)

Skills Perception +5, Performance +10, Persuasion +13
Senses darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 15
Languages Common, Elvish, Sylvan
Challenge 6 (2,300 XP)
Magic Resistance. The naiad has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.
Fey Beauty. When a creature that can see the naiad starts
its turn within 40 ft. of the naiad, the naiad can force it to
make a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw. Failure means that
the creature is blinded for 1 minute. A creature can repeat
the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending
the effect on itself on a success.
Innate Spellcasting. The naiad's innate spellcasting ability
is Charisma (spell save DC 18). The naiad can innately
cast the following spells, requiring no components:
At will: druidcraft, misty step
3/day each: cure wounds, bestow curse, entangle
1/day each: foresight, scrying, divination

Actions
Dagger. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, range 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 4 (1d4 + 2)
Fey Allure. The naiad targets one humanoid it can see
within 30 ft. of it. If the target can see the nymph, the
target must succeed on a DC 18 Wisdom saving throw
against this magic or be stunned for 1 minute. A creature
can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its
turns, ending the effect on a success. Creatures with less
than 12 Charisma have disadvantage on these saving
throws.

divine the fate of mortals. They have been known to use
this power to shape history, as mysterious oracles and
advisors. Naiads also serve as muses to great artists and
musicians, taking them to a level of creativity that only
supernatural assistance can inspire. Thanks to these
abilities, powerful mortals frequently fall in love with
naiads, and they are the most likely of all nymphs to give
birth to mortal children with grand destinies.

The sirens sang bright songs of joy,
they loved their kingdom so.
But when its pillars cracked and fell,
they watched it sink below.
For centuries, the city slept,

Nereid
Nereids are beautiful female fey that dwell beneath the
ocean waves. There, they fiercely defend coral reefs
and all natural life that dwell within it. Although quick
swimmers in their own right, nereids often seek the aid
of dolphin or seahorse mounts to bolster their effectiveness in battle. Nereids are as attached to such creatures
as paladins are to their steeds; should the animal fall in
battle, its rider may be overcome by grief.
Each nereid wields her own personal trident, which is
grown from the same coral they protect. Although they
are dangerous when threatened, nereid sightings are
considered to be a portent of good luck for sailors. Wise
captains know to steer clear of their reefs, so as to avoid
damaging them with the ship's anchor.
In addition to their skill as warriors, nereids are also
well known for their exquisite voices, which can travel
through water undistorted. Unlike the songs of many
other aquatic fey, nereids do not weave enchantments
into their music; they sing for beauty’s sake.
Benthic Beauties. Nereids are sometimes mistaken
for merfolk at first glance. They possess streamlined,
slightly alien features that are as striking as they are
beautiful. Diaphanous webbing connects the fingers
and toes of a nereid, and their slick skin resembles
that of a dolphin, albeit in various shades of blue and
green. Some nereids have additional fish-like traits,
such as visible gills and fins that run along their limbs
and back, though this aspect of their anatomy is
highly variable, depending on their tribe.
Guiding the Lost. Many nereids display a level of
benevolence towards humanoids that is rare among
fey. Nereids have been known to shepherd lost sailors
safely back to civilization, provided that they show adequate respect for nature. Some nereids even establish
long-term relationships with the sailors who frequent
their waters, steering their ships away from the sea’s
many hidden dangers.
Defenders of Reefs. Nereids are bound to protect
a specific coral reef, just as dryads are bound to their
forests. Overtly hostile nereids are rare, and they usually
do not discourage the intrusion of mortals into their
domains. However, visitors should be wary to not
mistake their relatively kind natures for softness; should
their homes be at all harmed or threatened, nereids
retaliate en-masse with a piranha-like tenacity, giving no
quarter to their prey.

in shallows far from shore.
Then sea nymphs came with songs renewed,
the kingdom to restore.
— From the Ballad of the Nereid Queen

Nereid

Medium fey, chaotic neutral
Armor Class 13
Hit Points 78 (12d8 + 24)
Speed 30 ft., swim 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
16 (+3) 16 (+3) 14 (+2) 12 (+1) 10 (+0) 17 (+3)
Skills Perception +3, Performance +6
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 13
Languages Aquan, Common, Elvish
Challenge 6 (2,300 XP)
Amphibious. The nereid can breathe air and water.
Magic Resistance. The nereid has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.
Song of Battle. As a bonus action, the nereid can sing a
song that gives advantage to one target creature on the
next action that it performs.
Innate Spellcasting. The nereid's innate spellcasting
ability is Charisma (spell save DC 14). The nereid
can innately cast the following spells, requiring no
components:
At will: dancing light, minor illusion
3/day each: faerie fire, sleep

Actions
Multiattack. The nereid makes three attacks with her
trident.
Trident. Melee Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 6 (1d6 + 3) piercing damage plus 7 (2d6)
electrical damage, or 7 (1d8 + 3) piercing damage plus 7
(2d6) electrical damage if used with two hands.

Appendix E | Monster s

403

Oceanid
Oceanids are a type of fey who travel the coasts, often
bringing music and merriment in their wake. They are
most well known for their fascination with humanoids
and largely take on forms that mimic handsome male
members of these races. Oceanids adore beauty of all
kinds but personally lack subtlety. They are invariably
flashy, dressing in brightly-colored clothing and heavily
adorning themselves in jewelry.
Mutable Shapes. Oceanids are shapeshifters who
typically take forms that are almost physically indistinguishable from male humanoids. An oceanid rarely
assumes a single guise for more than a month or two at
a time, but he may revisit an identity later on. Many bear
minor tells that go largely unnoticed, such as too-green
eyes or sweat that smells too closely of ocean brine.
Though they may lack “true forms,” oceanids sometimes
also appear as creatures akin to water elementals, albeit
in a closer approximation of human shape.
Tricksters of the Shore. Oceanids spend much of
their time tricking and playing pranks upon mortals.
These tricks are usually harmless, but they can be
infuriating. A common example of an oceanid prank is
to exchange jewelry for other valuable trinkets—items
that soon crumble into sand once the oceanid takes his
leave. However, some oceanid pranks can turn fatal,
often in the form of drownings. In another favorite
oceanid prank, the oceanid lures his target into dangerous currents with illusory calm waters.
Although some oceanids are indeed malicious, any
deaths resulting from their pranks are usually unintentional. Oceanids can be poor judges of mortal swimming ability and lead victims to their dooms in their
ignorance. When such a fate befalls an object of an
oceanid’s affections, he may become so overcome with
grief that he dissolves into seafoam.
Consummate Musicians. Like many fey creatures,
oceanids have a fondness for music and are skilled
players of lutes, lyres, and other stringed instruments. Many oceanids delight in sharing their expertise with humanoids, and their pupils often go on to
become famous bards. Although not always a means
of enchantment, some oceanids use their songs to
magically attract mortals to the shore. Such lures are
often necessary, as oceanids begin to lose their mental
faculties if they stray too far inland. However, their
intentions for doing so vary: one oceanid may simply
want an audience, while another may seek to draw in
new victims for his pranks.

Oceanid

Medium fey, chaotic neutral
Armor Class 21
Hit Points 65 (10d8 + 20)
Speed 40 ft., swim 60 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 22 (+6) 15 (+2) 12 (+1) 10 (+0) 20 (+5)
Skills Perception +5, Performance +10, Persuasion +13
Senses darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 15
Languages Aquan, Common, Elvish
Challenge 6 (2,300 XP)
Amphibious. The oceanid can breathe air and water.
Magic Resistance. The oceanid has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.
Trickery. While the oceanid is wearing no armor and
wielding no shield, his AC includes his Charisma
modifier. A combination of light, illusion, sound and
unpredictable movement are part of this effect, thus true
seeing does not negate it.
Move Through the Wind and Currents. As a bonus action,
the oceanid can move up to 60 ft. The oceanid can
move through spaces occupied by enemies with this
movement. Any enemy that it moves through must make
a DC 15 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone and
take 10 (3d6) bludgeoning damage.
Innate Spellcasting. The oceanid's innate spellcasting
ability is Charisma (spell save DC 18). The oceanid
can innately cast the following spells, requiring no
components:
3/day each: blur, crown of madness, hallucinatory terrain,
mislead
1/day each: awaken

Actions
Multiattack. The oceanid makes two attacks with his
dagger.
Dagger. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, range 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 8 (1d4 + 6) piercing damage plus 7 (2d6)
cold damage.

I cannot help but adore the oceanids. Their pranks
may be annoying at times, but they only ever intend to
entertain. In some ways, they are the most naive of all
nymphs, because they cannot make it very far inland,
in spite of their insatiable curiosity.
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music

404

Appendix E | Monster s

Oread
As the most airy of the nymphs, in demeanor and their
chosen domains, oreads are reclusive creatures associated with mountains, skies, and clouds. They are
mischievous and selfish, even by fey standards, and
one of their favorite pastimes is to take a mortal lover
to “paradise.” The lover is only returned to the mortal
realm a century or more later, once their families and
friends are all dead and gone. This is not always deliberate on the part of the oread—they simply don't give very
much thought to the consequences of their actions on
the lives of the mortals they beguile.
Fey Hunters. Strangely, unlike dryads and most
other fey creatures, oreads are consummate hunters.
Mortals with exceptional hunting skills are not punished for killing animals on an oread’s land, and may
even be rewarded with a boon to improve their prowess. However, oreads take offense at mortal hunters
who lack finesse. They are known to transform poor or
needlessly cruel hunters into game animals as retribution for sullying their territory.

Oread

Medium fey (nymph), chaotic neutral
Armor Class 17 (natural armor)
Hit Points 44 (8d8 + 8)
Speed 30 ft., fly 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
10 (+0) 20 (+5) 12 (+1) 14 (+2) 10 (+0) 20 (+5)
Skills Perception +3, Persuasion +8
Senses passive Perception 13
Languages Common, Elvish, Sylvan
Challenge 5 (1,800 XP)
Magic Resistance. The oread has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.
Fey Weapons. The darts of the oread are considered
magical weapons.
Innate Spellcasting. The oread's innate spellcasting ability
is Charisma (spell save DC 16). The oread can innately
cast the following spells, requiring no components:
At will: wind wall, gust of wind
3/day each: control weather, geas, wind walk

Territorial and Possessive. Oreads are by far the
most territorial of all nymphs. They may suffer mortal
trespassers in their lands for a time, but always with the
understanding that their sovereignty over that land must
be honored and reaffirmed. They expect visiting mortals
to make offerings of food and wine at shrines along the
roads—failing to do so many provoke the oread into
hunting trespassers as game. Additionally, if an oread
takes a romantic interest in a mortal who passes through
his territory, he may claim that mortal as his “pet.”

I once allowed myself to become an oread's pet, though his
charms were less effective on me than he believed. He was
a skilled hunter, in more ways than one, and I'll always
cherish the time we spent together in “Paradise.”

— Rizon Phobas, Dragonlord (54 CE)

Actions
Multiattack. The oread makes two bow attacks.
Bow. Ranged Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, range 20/60 ft.,
one target. Hit: 9 (1d8 + 5)
Oread's mark. As a bonus action, the oread marks one
target that it can see. The oread and anyone under
the effects of the oread's fey charm have advantage on
attacks against the marked target. This ability can only
be used in the oread's personal territory, and only one
target can be marked at a time.
Fey charm. The oread targets one humanoid it can see
within 30 ft. of it. If the target can see the oread the
target must succeed on a DC 18 Wisdom saving throw
against this magic or be charmed by the oread. The
charmed target regards the oread as a beloved friend
to be heeded and protected at all costs. Although the
target isn't under the oread's control, it takes the oread's
requests or actions in the most favorable way it can. If
anyone threatens the oread, the target considers them
to be an enemy and uses everything in their power to
neutralize the threat. Each time the oread or the oread's
companions do anything harmful to the target, it can
repeat the saving throw, ending the effect on itself on a
success. Only three targets can be charmed at a time.

Appendix E | Monster s

407

SEA MONSTERS

The depths of the Cerulean Gulf and the Forgotten
Sea are home to many creatures of incredible size and
ferocity. Occasionally, these enormous creatures may
be glimpsed from the deck of a merchant ship—but any
sailors who survive such an encounter are the lucky
ones. From time to time, entire ships have been known
to go missing while passing through relatively serene
waters. These unfortunate vessels have almost certainly
been swallowed by sea monsters.

Cetus
Prowling the waters surrounding Thylea, the cetus is an
abominable creature that closely resembles an enormous
shark. Aside from its colossal size, the physical trait that
most distinguishes a cetus from a normal shark are the
multiple rows of wicked serrated teeth that extend the
entire length of its gullet. Like those of a shark, a cetus’s
teeth gradually move forward and continuously replace
its front teeth, which are frequently shed. Once separated, these teeth remain exquisitely sharp and are often
used as spearheads by tool-using people in and around
the ocean. Although they are usually solitary creatures,
cetea have been known to serve as mounts for extremely
powerful beings, such as gods who have managed to
best them in combat.
Uncanny Intelligence. The biggest mistake one could
make when confronting a cetus is to confuse it for a
mindless beast. Cetea are clever monsters with intellects comparable to that of a human. As largely asocial
creatures without other means of channeling their
intelligence, cetea focus entirely on the hunt. The typical
cetus memorizes every topographical detail in its territory, allowing it to easily herd opponents into dead ends
while also avoiding areas that are unable to accommodate its massive bulk.
Ancient Predators. The natural lifespan of a cetus
can span millennia, and most that stalk the depths
are thousands of years old. Their sickly mottled flesh
is marred by countless wounds, both pale scars and
oozing fresh lacerations alike. Despite their strong
constitutions, cetea heal more slowly than mortal
creatures. This make cetea frequently mistaken for
undead monsters, though they are actually believed to
be fiendish in nature.

Cetus

Huge monstrosity, chaotic evil
Armor Class 15 (natural armor)
Hit Points 250 (20d12 + 120)
Speed Swim 80 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
26 (+8) 12 (+1) 22 (+6)

INT
6 (-2)

WIS
10 (+0)

CHA
8 (-1)

Saving Throws Wisdom +5, Charisma +4
Skills Perception +6
Senses Blindsight 90 ft., passive Perception 16
Languages —
Challenge 15 (13,000 XP)
Blood Frenzy. The cetus has advantage on melee attack
rolls against any creature that has less than its maximum
number of hit points (damaged creatures).
Magic Resistance. The cetus has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.
Water Breathing. The cetus can only breathe underwater.

Actions
Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +13 to hit, reach 10 ft., one
target. Hit: 34 (4d12 + 8) piercing damage. If the target
is a medium or smaller creature, it must succeed on a DC
19 Dexterity saving throw or be swallowed by the cetus.
A swallowed creature is blinded and restrained, it has
total cover against attacks and other effects outside the
cetus, and it takes 21 (6d6) acid damage at the start of
each of the cetus's turns.
If the cetus takes 30 damage or more on a single turn
from a creature inside it, the cetus must succeed on a
DC 21 Constitution saving throw at the end of that turn
or regurgitate all swallowed creatures, which fall prone
in a space within 10 feet of the cetus. If the cetus dies, a
swallowed creature is no longer restrained by it and can
escape from the corpse by using 15 feet of movement,
exiting prone.

Appendix E | Monster s

409

I am sometimes given to wonder whether we were ever justified in our
campaign of conquest over the lands of Thylea. But then I think of the cruel
punishments that the Titans needlessly exact on those who they deem disloyal,
and I pray that we are at least building a better world.
— Kyrah, Goddess of Music

Ichthys
With an appearance that treads the line between the
comedic and horrific, the ichthys is a twisted centaur-like creature with a humanoid upper body that
protrudes from the shell of a massive crab. This monster
is the result of a cruel curse bestowed by the gods upon
merfolk and other aquatic humanoids, usually as punishment for severe transgressions.
As a result of their loathsome origins, most merfolk
look upon ichthyses with utter disgust, and the creatures
become outcast from merfolk societies. Doomed to
aimlessly wander the seafloor, the ichthys becomes consumed by the desire to search for victims as outlets for
its unrelenting pain and anger The only joys it knows are
those of torture and senseless bloodshed. Most ichthyses continue to wield the same weapons they did before
their transformation. Hence, the creatures tend to favor
tridents and other implements used by merfolk.
Tortured Forms. An ichthys’s body is racked with
perpetual pain, and any attempts at quick movement
are especially agonizing. This state is a product of the
strain put upon crustacean anatomy that is not designed
to support heavy humanoid torsos. Despite its incompatible physiologies, the body of an ichthys continues
to function by way of the curse’s magic. Pain and poor
balance create a plodding, awkward gait paired with a
relatively slow swimming speed.
Macabre Artists. Although largely nomadic, ichthyses set up temporary camps on the seafloor. There,
an ichthys uses the bodies of its victims as bait to draw
the attentions of both food and other humanoids. An
ichthys arranges these corpses to create grotesque
sculpture gardens. It often begins to “sculpt” its subjects when they are still alive, tying them in place before
further carving into their flesh. An ichthys will sometimes leave a victim half dead, as their feeble attempts at
escape make for an excellent lure.

410

Appendix E | Monster s

Ichthys

Large monstrosity, neutral evil
Armor Class 17 (natural armor)
Hit Points 157 (15d10 + 75)
Speed 30 ft., swim 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
18 (+4) 14 (+2) 20 (+5) 12 (+1) 10 (+0) 10 (+0)
Skills Perception +3
Senses darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 13
Languages Aquan
Challenge 7 (2,900 XP)
Amphibious. The ichthys can breathe air and water.
Magic Resistance. The ichthys has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.
Deep Ocean Fortitude. If damage reduces the ichthys to
0 hit points, it must make a Constitution saving throw
with a DC of 5 + the damage taken (unless the damage
is a critical hit). On a success, the ichthys drops to 1
hit point instead and enters a rage for 1 minute. While
raging, the ichthys has advantage on all attacks.

Actions
Multiattack. The ichthys makes two attacks with his
trident and two attacks with his claws.
Trident. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 11 (2d6 + 4) piercing damage, or 13 (2d8 + 4)
piercing damage if used with two hands.
Claws. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 8 (1d8 + 4) bludgeoning damage and the
target is grappled if it is medium sized or smaller (escape
DC 15). The ichthys has two claws, each of which can
grapple only one target.

Scylla
One of the most grotesque monstrosities to ever roam the
sea, Scylla is a gargantuan mass of writhing flesh driven
by an endless hunger. Six massive canine heads stretch
out on six long, serpentine necks that protrude from her
largely featureless body. Each of her heavily scarred heads
is equipped with three rows of serrated teeth that point
downward, into a throat that is capable of swallowing a
horse whole.
Scylla’s bulk is supported by a dozen muscular tentacles. Though her limbs are capable of moving her with
surprising speed, Scylla prefers to take the role of an
ambush predator, lying in wait and reaching out with
her maws whenever prey wanders too close. Although
Scylla prefers ocean waters, she can move just as easily
on land should she ever be motivated to. She spends
most of her time in the deepest parts of the ocean.

Scylla

Actions
Multiattack. Scylla makes three bite attacks.

Gargantuan monstrosity, neutral evil

Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +19 to hit, reach 15 ft., one
target. Hit: 32 (4d10 + 10) piercing damage + 10 (3d6)
poison damage.

Armor Class 16 (natural armor)
Hit Points 444 (24d20 + 192)
Speed 50 ft., swim 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
30 (+10) 10 (+0) 26 (+8)

Insatiable Frenzy. Scylla is able to feel nothing but
hunger. Had she any thoughts to communicate, Scylla
would nonetheless be incapable of expressing them. She
“speaks” only in a cacophonous chorus of mad barks and
whines, which is said to drive any who hear it insane.
Birthplace of Monsters. Scylla originates from
Typhon, an island whose magical energies birth countless other hybrid abominations, including chimeras and
manticores. However, Scylla is Typhon’s worst “child” by
far, both in form and the amount of damage she wreaks.
Some legends claim that Scylla was once a beautiful
nymph who was imprisoned on Typhon for countless
years. Over time, its corruption slowly twisted her body
and mind into the monstrosity she is today. By the time
she was strong enough to break free of her bonds, any
semblance of the nymph she was had long been replaced
by hunger and madness.

INT
8 (-1)

WIS
CHA
18 (+4) 10 (+0)

Saving Throws Intelligence +10, Wisdom +10,
Charisma +11
Skills perception +10
Senses darkvision 120 ft., truesight 60 ft., passive
Perception 20
Damage Immunities cold
Condition Immunities blinded, charmed, frightened,
poisoned, stunned
Languages Common, Abyssal
Challenge 24 (62, 200 XP)

Tentacle. Melee Weapon Attack: +19 to hit, reach 30 ft.,
one target. Hit: 23 (3d8 + 10) piercing damage and the
target is grappled (escape DC 19). Until this grapple
ends, the target is restrained. Scylla has twelve tentacles,
each of which can grapple one target.
Cacophonous Dirge. One of Scylla's heads sings a song.
Each creature within 120 feet of Scylla must succeed
on a DC 19 Wisdom saving throw or become charmed
by Scylla until the end of Scylla's next turn. Once the
charm effect ends, the creature becomes frightened for
1 minute. A creature can repeat the saving throw at the
end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a
success. If a creature's saving throw is successful or the
effect ends for it, the creature is immune to Scylla's dirge
for the next 24 hours.

Amphibious. Scylla can breathe air and water.

Legendary Actions

Magic Resistance. Scylla has advantage on saves vs spells
and other magical effects.

Scylla can take 3 legendary actions, choosing from the
options below. Only one legendary action option can be
used at a time and only at the end of another creature's
turn. Scylla regains spent legendary actions at the start
of its turn.

Multiple Heads. Scylla can take one reaction per turn,
rather than one per round.
Magic Weapons. Scylla's weapon attacks are magical.
Legendary Resistance (3/Day). If Scylla fails a saving
throw, it can choose to succeed instead.

Attack. Scylla makes one tentacle attack.
Move. Scylla can move up to its speed.
Song. One of Scylla's head sings the dirge.

Appendix E | Monster s

413

Sea Serpent
As its name suggests, the sea serpent is a monstrous
snake that makes its home within the ocean waves.
Many who face the creature never come close to seeing
the end of its tail, as the sea serpent’s body reaches hundreds of feet in length. The sea serpent is so large that its
back creates the illusion of a chain of islands as it slithers
through the waves. Often mistaken as a dragon due to
its massive size, the sea serpent is actually descended
from gargantuan, primordial snakes.
Although the creature’s diet mainly consists of whales
and sharks, it is also a major hazard for sailors, as the
large size and oblong shape of ships attract its attention.
Assuming it has found a feast, the sea serpent wraps its
coils around the vessel and squeezes until it becomes a
splintered wreck. From there, it proceeds to attempt to
swallow the structure whole—unless it is distracted by
attacks from the ship’s occupants.
Surviving the Serpent. Anyone wishing to fight a
sea serpent should make killing the beast one’s sole
priority. Wounding the monster only makes it redouble its efforts in a fit of rage, and it always fights to the
death. In the unlikely event that a creature survives the
sea serpent’s bite, the creature is nonetheless doomed,
as the serpent will inevitably swallow any prey that it
catches in its jaws. If swallowed whole, a victim is likely
to only live a few minutes before being dissolved by the
serpent’s powerful stomach acid.
Monster of the Depths. The sea serpent prefers to
stay in deep waters. Its massive size makes maneuvering in the shallows difficult and across any appreciable
amount of land impossible. Additionally, the creature
bears a deep hatred of the sound of thunder and will
dive deep to avoid electrical storms.

Sea Serpent

Gargantuan monstrosity, chaotic neutral
Armor Class 20 (natural armor)
Hit Points 615 (30d20 + 300)
Speed 40 ft., swim 80 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
30 (+10) 12 (+1) 30 (+10) 6 (-2)

WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 12 (+1)

Saving Throws Wisdom +8, Charisma +8
Skills Perception +8
Senses Blindsight 120 ft., Darkvision 120 ft., passive
Perception 21
Damage Vulnerabilities lightning
Languages —
Challenge 21 (33,000 XP)
Amphibious. The sea serpent can breathe air and water.
Legendary Resistance (2/Day). If the sea serpent fails a
saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.

Actions
Multiattack. The sea serpent makes two bite attacks.
Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +17 to hit, reach 15 ft., one
target. Hit: 26 (3d10 + 10) piercing damage. If the target
is a large or smaller creature, it must succeed on a DC
20 Dexterity saving throw or be swallowed by the sea
serpent. A swallowed creature is blinded and restrained,
it has total cover against attacks and other effects
outside the sea serpent, and it takes 35 (10d6) acid
damage at the start of each of the sea serpent's turns.
If the sea serpent takes 50 damage or more on a single
turn from a creature inside it, the sea serpent must
succeed on a DC 21 Constitution saving throw at the
end of that turn or regurgitate all swallowed creatures,
which fall prone in a space within 10 feet of the sea
serpent. If the sea serpent dies, a swallowed creature
is no longer restrained by it and can escape from the
corpse by using 40 feet of movement, exiting prone.

414

Appendix E | Monster s

SERVANTS OF DEATH

Some monsters are created for the sole purpose of
multiplying the power of death over the mortal world.
Although they may be locked away in dark places, never
showing themselves in daylight, their very existence saps
life out of the world, causing shadows to grow darker
and nights to grow longer.

Cerberus
Sometimes called Gloom Hounds or Hounds of Hades,
these three-headed creatures are bred to be the ultimate
guardians. Very few creatures can successfully sneak
past a cerebus hound that guards a doorway or treasure.
Tortured by Hags. Hags train these creatures through
abuse designed to instill fear and rage. No hound in
their charge is ever shown affection, and they are kept
either in total isolation or attached to chains too short
to allow the pups to comfort each other. Large groups
of cerberus hounds are sometimes given very little food,
in order to identify weaker dogs for culling. The hags
then sew shut the mouths of the runts and encourage
their former packmates to devour them. The hags also
present the hounds with captive humanoids, bound and
mutilated, in order to give them a taste for blood.
Progenitors of Death Dogs. Cerebus hounds can
spawn litters of death dogs. They will only do this if
there is enough food to satiate the hunger of all the
hounds. The death dogs acknowledge the cerebus as the
pack alpha. Whenever a cerebus dies, the death dogs
fight for primacy. The victor devours the losers, and
over the course of a month, it grows a new head, becoming a new cerebus to replace the original.
Fearsome Guardians. Cerberus hounds take pride in
sniffing out and devouring trespassers. Once they have
been set to guard something, they never tire of their
charge, even should hundreds of years pass without incident. Most hounds keep piles of their victims' bones as
beloved trophies to gnaw on. Although the hound does
require sleep, it rarely succumbs to the urge, and only
one of its heads sleeps at any given time.
Variant: Young Cerberus.
Cerberus hounds that aren't yet fully grown are referred
to as young cerberus. They are CR 5 (1,800 XP), cannot
use the bark action, and cannot use lair actions. They are
Large sized and have Hit Points: 126 (12d10 + 60).

Lair Actions
On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), the cerebus
hound can take a lair action to cause one of the following magical effects:

• The cerberus creates the effects of the darkness spell

at a point located within 60 feet of it. This magical
darkness spreads to a 30-foot radius (rather than 15).

416

Appendix E | Monster s

Cerberus

Huge monstrosity, neutral evil
Armor Class 16 (natural armor)
Hit Points 210 (20d10 + 100)
Speed 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
26 (+8) 14 (+2) 20 (+5)

INT
8 (-1)

WIS
CHA
18 (+4) 10 (+0)

Skills perception +10
Senses truesight 60ft., passive Perception 20
Languages understands Abyssal but can't speak
Challenge 12 (8,400 XP)
Magic Resistance. The cerberus has advantage on saves
vs spells and other magical effects.
Three heads. The cerberus has advantage on Wisdom
(Perception) checks and on saving throws against being
blinded, charmed, deafened, frightened, stunned, or
knocked unconscious.
Keen Hearing and Smell. The cerberus has advantage on
Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.

Actions
Multiattack. The cerberus makes three bite attacks.
Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +12 to hit, reach 10 ft., one
target. Hit: 18 (3d6 + 8) piercing damage + 3 (1d6) poison
damage, and the creature must make a DC 15 Constitution
saving throw or become poisoned for 1 minute.

Legendary Actions
The cerberus can take 3 legendary actions, choosing
from the options below. Only one legendary action
option can be used at a time and only at the end of
another creature's turn. The cerberus regains spent
legendary actions at the start of its turn.
Attack. The infernal cerberus makes one attack.
Detect. The infernal cerberus makes a Wisdom
(Perception) check with advantage.
Bark. The infernal cerberus barks. All other creatures
within 60 feet of the infernal cerberus must succeed
on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw or be deafened
for 1 minute and knocked prone.
This effects ends when the cerberus dismisses it as an
action, uses a lair action again, or dies.
• Fire erupts from a chosen point within 60 feet of the
cerebus in a 15-foot-radius sphere, until the hound
dismisses it as an action, uses a lair action again, or
dies. When the fire appears, each creature within its
volume must make a DC 20 Dexterity saving throw.
On a failed save, a creature takes 5d8 fire damage (or
half as much on a successful save). A creature must
also make this saving throw when it enters the area for
the first time or ends its turn there.

Dread Beasts
Dread beasts are hulking undead animals raised by
Lutheria, Mistress of Death and Lady of Dreams. These
creatures typify both of her domains, as these twisted
mockeries of life are nightmarish indeed. Dread beasts
engage in few—if any—of the behaviors they did in
life and are almost universally driven to slaughter any
humanoid they encounter. While most of these creatures lurk in the hidden, barely-trod corners of the
world, others conduct nocturnal raids against villages
and other civilized communities.
After it has been raised, a dread beast continues to
rot, creating a nauseating odor that is sometimes pungent enough to poison living creatures unlucky enough
to be in its vicinity. Although the creature’s flesh festers
and falls away, this process does nothing to diminish its
considerable strength. When a dread beast survives long
enough, it eventually becomes little more than a skeleton,
held together only by the will of powerful dark magic.
Monstrous Forms. Dread beasts are typically many
times larger than their living counterparts. This gigantism is often due to the fact that dread beasts are
frequently created from the remains of legendary mythic
beasts. However, others are an amalgamation of multiple
mundane animals. For example, many dread wolves have
been stitched together from the flesh of entire packs.
Tenacious Hunters. Some dread beasts are bound
directly as servants of Lutheria and stand as guardians
of things that the Titan holds dear. Others behave like
revenants, hunting down and slaughtering their killers.
Those created from mythic beasts are more likely to
exhibit the latter behavior, frequently harassing heroes
and adventuring parties.
Withering Maws. A dread beast can lash out at its
enemies using the necrotic energy that sustains it. A bite
from one of these monster drains the life force from its
victim, and the resulting wound is highly susceptible to
infection—assuming the victim survives the encounter.
Dread Boar
Usually created from the remains of great boar of legends, dread boar lumber across the plains of the underworld and on the peripheries of civilization. Although
still more intelligent than the average mundane boar,
great boar are largely stripped of their cunning when
they become dread beasts, leaving them husks of their
former selves. Dread boar often haunt cemeteries where
they desecrate the tombs and grave markers of mortals
who have displeased their mistress.

Truthfully, even I cannot stomach the
thought of encountering a dread boar.
They are altogether revolting.
— Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria
418

Dread Boar
Huge undead, neutral evil

Armor Class 18 (natural armor)
Hit Points 161 (14d12 + 70)
Speed 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
24 (+7) 14 (+2) 20 (+5)

INT
6 (-2)

WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 10 (+0)

Skills Perception +5
Condition Immunities charmed, exhaustion, poisoned
Damage Immunities necrotic, poison
Senses darkvision 120ft., passive Perception 15
Languages —
Challenge 8 (3,900 XP)
Charge. If the dread boar moves at least 20 ft. straight
toward a target and then hits it with a tusk attack on the
same turn, the target takes an extra 20 (6d6) damage.
If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 18
Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
Stench. Any creature that starts its turn within 30 ft. of
the dread boar must succeed on a DC 18 Constitution
saving throw or be poisoned until the start of its next
turn. On a successful saving throw, the creature is
immune to the dread boar's stench for 24 hours.

Actions
Tusk. Melee Weapon Attack: +10 to hit, reach 10 ft.,
one target. Hit: 21 (3d8 + 7) piercing damage plus 10
(3d6) necrotic damage. If the target is a creature, it
must succeed on a DC 19 Strength saving throw or be
knocked prone.
Traveling Miasma. The stench that cloaks a dread
boar is even stronger than of other dread beasts. This
is partly due to the creature’s filthy, gore-caked tusks.
Rather than being relegated solely to the creature’s
mouth, the necrotic black discharge that makes a dread
beast’s bite so deadly oozes continuously over the dread
boar’s deadly tusks.
Voracious Appetites. Dread boar are driven by an
insatiable hunger that is a far greater threat to the
civilized world than their murderous tempers. A single
dread boar can devour entire fields of crops and herds
of livestock in a matter of hours. If left unchecked
and allowed to encroach upon humanoid settlements, a dread boar makes short work of all available
food stores, leaving the residents to starve. Lutheria
sometimes personally sends these creatures to plague
prosperous cities she believes have not offered her
adequate sacrifices.

Dread Wolf
The relentless dread wolves track their prey with
unerring precision. Once a dread wolf has smelled the
blood of a living creature, it tirelessly pursues its quarry.
Occasionally, dread wolves are used as hunting “dogs”
by more intelligent monsters on the trail of particularly
elusive human champions.
Glare of the Grave. The baleful glow of a dread wolf ’s
eyes has the power to shake the nerves of even the most
valiant warrior. This is not merely a reaction to the creature’s repulsive appearance but rather a manifestation
of the dread wolf ’s inner malevolence. The dread wolf is
therefore able to use this ability at the most opportune
time, focusing its enmity to invoke great fear in only its
chosen targets.

Dread Wolf
Huge undead, neutral evil

Armor Class 17 (natural armor)
Hit Points 152 (16d12 + 48)
Speed 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
24 (+7) 18 (+4) 17 (+3)

INT
6 (-2)

WIS
CHA
16 (+3) 10 (+0)

Skills Perception +6, Stealth +7
Condition Immunities charmed, exhaustion, poisoned
Damage Immunities necrotic, poison
Senses darkvision 120ft., passive Perception 16
Languages —
Challenge 9 (5,000 XP)
Keen Smell. The dread wolf has advantage on Wisdom
(Perception) checks that rely on smell.

Actions
Multiattack. The dread wolf can use its dread gaze and
make one attack with its bite.
Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +11 to hit, reach 10 ft.,
one target. Hit: 29 (4d10 + 7) piercing damage plus
10 (3d6) necrotic damage. If the target is a creature, it
must succeed on a DC 19 Strength saving throw or be
knocked prone.
Dread Gaze. Each creature of the dread wolf's choice
that is within 60 ft. of the dread wolf and aware of
it must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw
or become Frightened for 1 minute. A creature can
repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns,
ending the effect on itself on a success. If a creature's
saving throw is successful or the effect ends for it, the
creature is immune to the dread wolf's dread gaze for
the next 24 hours.

Strange Origins. Although most dread wolves have
been fashioned from the corpses of ordinary wolves,
humanoids are occasionally selected to transform into
these creatures upon death. Those so chosen are invariably evil and were often werewolves or prolific murderers—or both—in life. Ever a cruel goddess, Lutheria has
been known to bestow this “gift” to her worshippers.

Goatling
Goatlings are diminutive, goat-headed creatures that
walk upright on furry, cloven foot legs. Goatlings are
born from the union of satyrs and maenads, and they
live in tribes consisting of dozens of inbred siblings and
cousins. They infest woods, mountains, and hills alike.
They are often mistaken for satyrs, but they are smaller
and stupider. Goatlings delight in tormenting mortals,
and they are known to play mean-spirited, often fatal,
pranks on unsuspecting travelers at night. The last thing
that their victims hear is a chorus of bleating laughter
from the darkness.
Masters of Mockery. Physically frail and slow-witted in comparison to their sires, goatlings are envious
creatures that enjoy inflicting cruelty upon their betters.
They devote their limited mental capacities to crafting
vicious insults salted with fey magic that can send their
targets into blind fits of rage.
Though some goatlings are just about clever enough
to think up appropriate insults on the fly, most prefer
stealing words from others. They often remember a
wide array of memorized insults, and some favorite
barbs include:

• “When was the last time you scrubbed your louseinfested carcass with soap?”

• “What are you ogling at, you bug-eyed dung eater?”
• “The only thing intimidating about you is your

pox-ridden, bug-eyed face!”
• “Your ‘cutting words’ couldn’t slice through butter.”
• “There’s barely enough meat on you for a crow’s feast!”
• “Mehhh-hehehe! Your horns are so tiny! Tiny horns!”
• “Bite me, fart-face!”
Goatlings are fond of employing irony and twisted
humor when setting their deadly traps. One common
tactic of goatling tricksters is to use the cries of a human
infant as a lure, though the “infant” is really a polymorphed compatriot. Sometimes the transformed goatling
remains disguised during the tribe’s attack, but the goatlings particularly enjoy the reveal of having the infant
show its true form just as a mortal victim succumbs to
their cruel attacks.
Magical Tricksters. A few goatlings in every tribe,
usually first-generation children who aren’t affected
by inbreeding, develop innate magical abilities. These
goatling tricksters often become the de facto leaders of
their groups, as far as such chaotic bands can be said to
have a hierarchy.

I really hate goatlings.
— Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria

Goatling
Small fey, chaotic evil
Armor Class 13
Hit Points 5 (2d6 -2)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
8 (-1)

DEX
16 (+3)

CON
8 (-1)

INT
12 (+1)

WIS
6 (-2)

CHA
12 (+1)

Skills Performance +3, Stealth +5
Senses passive Perception 10
Languages Common, Elvish, Sylvan
Challenge 1/4 (50 XP)
Magic Resistance. The goatling has advantage on saving
throws against spells and other magical effects.
Mockery. The goatling unleashes a string of creative
insults at a target. The target must hear and understand
the goatling. It must succeed on a DC 11 Wisdom saving
throw or fly into a rage until the end of its next turn.
During this time the target has disadvantage on its
attacks and attacks upon it have advantage. However,
if the target hits the goatling that has been insulting it
with a melee weapon, it is considered a critical hit.

Actions
Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 5 (1d4 + 3) piercing damage. Instead of
dealing damage, the goatling can grapple the target
(escape DC 9). If the creature being grappled is medium
or smaller, while the goatling is grappling it, the creature
has disadvantage on attacks, saving throws and ability
checks as the goatling pulls on its hair, pokes it eyes and
screams insults.
Sling. Ranged Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, range 30/120 ft.,
one target. Hit: 5 (1d4 + 3) bludgeoning damage.

Variant: Goatling Tricksters
Goatling tricksters are spellcasting variant goatlings.
They are CR 1 (200 XP) with 15 (4d6) hit points, 14
Intelligence, and 16 AC (mage armor).
Master Mockery. The trickster unleashes a string of
creative insults at a group of targets, and other goatlings
can join in on the fun by using their reactions. This can
be used to target an additional creature for every other
goatling within 60 ft. of the trickster. This ability is otherwise identical to mockery, but for each goatling that joins
in, the saving throw DC increases by +1.
Innate Spellcasting. The goatling's innate spellcasting
ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 14). The goatling can
innately cast the following spells, requiring no components:
At will: prestidigitation, thaumaturgy
3/day: mislead, polymorph (willing targets only)
Appendix E | Monster s

421

Maenad
The so-called “raving ones” were once human, but they
have been transformed into fey creatures to serve more
powerful beings. Maenads resemble beautiful female
satyrs, but they are unkempt, and their frenzied demeanor betrays their true nature. These agents of chaos
now follow the gods and arch-fey of madness, lust, and
pleasure. All aspects of the maenad’s previous personality are replaced by mania and desire. Maenads often
successfully use their allure to lead unwary travelers to
their filthy dens, where they and their sisters fall upon
them with murderous passion.
Ritual Transformation. Humans rarely become
“raving ones” by choice. Instead, the transformation is
thrust upon them by powerful chaotic entities, often
in the guise of mentors or teachers. The magic used to
create a maenad typically comes from a strong bond to
a lover, friend, or trusted elder. In the most common
ritual, innocent young women are tricked or forced
into consuming the flesh of a loved one. Others have
become maenads after prayers to cure a dying loved
one were cruelly answered. One particularly sadistic
method of creating a maenad is to charm a victim and
force her to beat a loved one to death with a fennel
staff. The most benign method of transformation is as
a punishment for the sins of another—when a loved
one refuses to worship a god of madness or pleasure.
Loathed by the Fey. Despite being fey creatures
themselves, maenads are largely reviled by other fey
due to the taint of mortality they carry. Maenads also
frequently succeed in wooing satyrs away from less
debauched fey lovers by pandering to their penchant for
hedonism. These unions lead to the production of monstrous goatling offspring, who are as disliked as their
mothers because of their relative weakness and connection to mortals. Maenads are especially abhorrent to
non-evil fey due to the depraved and gruesome rituals
that create them.
Pursuit of Pleasure. Maenads embody all-consuming hedonism and have little patience for anything else.
They are absolutely dedicated to the pursuit of pleasure
in all its forms, including sadistic bacchanals of wild
excess. Though eager to engage in any type of revelry,
some maenads may have a preferred indulgence, such
as food or wine. Clever individuals who find themselves
confronted by maenads may be able to use their individual tastes to turn the creatures against each other. That
might allow for an escape. Otherwise, the maenads will
gleefully tear apart hapless trespassers.

Maenads give life to all the fears that men have
long held about the deepest parts of the Oldwoods.
Fey creatures are not always evil; many are merely
misunderstood. But truthfully, it is better that mortals
should stay clear of the dens of the Raving Ones.
— Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom

Maenad

Medium fey, chaotic evil
Armor Class 14
Hit Points 49 (9d8 + 9)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
12 (+1) 18 (+4) 12 (+1) 10 (+0)

WIS
8 (-1)

CHA
14 (+2)

Skills Performance +4, Perception +3
Senses passive Perception 13
Languages Common, Sylvan
Challenge 3 (700 XP)
Reckless. At the start of its turn, the maenad can gain
advantage on all melee weapon attack rolls during that
turn, but attack rolls against it have advantage until the
start of its next turn.
Frenzy. If damage reduces the maenad to 0 hit points,
she must make a Constitution saving throw with a DC
of 10. On a successful save, the maenad drops to 1 hit
point instead.

Actions
Multiattack. The maenad makes two dagger attacks.
Dagger. Melee Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 6 (1d4 + 4) piercing damage.
Wild Dance (Recharge 6). The maenad performs a crazed
dance. Any creature within 30 feet of the maenad
(including other maenads) must make a DC 12 Charisma
saving throw. On a failed saving throw, the creature
goes into a frenzied dance. At the end of the creature's
turn, they can repeat the saving throw to end the effect.
While in the frenzied dance, the creature can't take
reactions and rolls a d10 at the start of each of its turns
to determine its behavior.
1-2. The creature dances and takes 7 (1d12) psychic damage.
3-5. The creature attacks the nearest ally.
6-8. The creature attacks the nearest enemy.
9-10. The creature can act and move normally.

422

Appendix E | Monster s

There are legends that speak of an undead creature so vile
that even saying its name has the power to summon its
stench. Coastal villages know better than to tempt the Fates;
stories of the Nuckle are passed on in hushed whispers,
and children who make the mistake of burning seaweed
are punished with sharp switches.
— Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine

However, this ability weakens the farther it strays from
the sea. Brave heroes wishing to vanquish a nuckle often
lure it as far inland as possible by burning seaweed. The
stench of the resulting smoke has the power to enrage
the nuckle to the point where it abandons all sense
of self-preservation, as it is driven to find the source.
Strong caution should be taken when using this strategy,
however, as it is prone to backfiring; the nuckle destroys
any settlements unfortunate enough to exist between it
and the target of its fury.

Nuckle

Large undead, neutral evil

Nuckle
The nuckle is one of the most horrific undead abominations to terrorize the mortal realm. From a distance, the
nuckle resembles a human rider upon a horse. Closer
inspection, however, reveals a creature that could not
possibly be mistaken as such. The nuckle resembles a
rotting corpse with its humanoid lower torso fused to
the back of an equine form that makes up the majority of the creature’s body. A single oversized eye stares
out from the center of the nuckle’s bulbous head, and
it grasps at its victims with clawed hands attached to
spindly, too-long arms. However, the most noteworthy
aspect of the nuckle may be its raw pink flesh, which
evokes the appearance of person who has been severely
burned or flayed alive.
A Titan’s Scourge. The nuckle is said to be created
by Lutheria, the Goddess of Death, with the singular
purpose of haunting the civilized world and tormenting those who dwell within it. Although the sea is the
creature’s true home, the nuckle regularly rises from the
depths to plague coastal cities and towns, bringing death
and misfortune in its wake. A nuckle’s preferred manner
of attack is to grab a victim and drag them into the sea
on its back in a manner that makes the victim appear to
be riding into the water on horseback. The nuckle may
disappear beneath the waves for years at a time, only to
rise and wreak havoc during a months-long rampage.
Bringer of Decay. Black poison pumps through a
nuckle’s veins, which pours out of its slit-like nostrils in
the form of noxious fumes. This toxic cloud threatens
all forms of life, wilting crops and sickening livestock.
Animals that survive the nuckle’s poisonous breath are
often driven mad and compelled to dash themselves
upon rocky cliffs or drown themselves in the sea.
Cleansing Water. As formidable as the nuckle is, the
monster does have its weaknesses. Chief among these
is large amounts of pure fresh water. If the nuckle is
drenched with enough fresh water, its body swells up
and bursts, destroying the creature. To protect itself,
the nuckle uses its magic to cause devastating droughts.

Armor Class 14 (natural armor)
Hit Points 105 (14d10 + 28)
Speed 60 ft., swim 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
20 (+5) 12 (+1) 15 (+2) 12 (+1) 18 (+4) 10 (+0)
Condition Immunities charmed, exhaustion, poisoned
Damage Immunities necrotic, poison
Skills perception +8
Senses truesight 60 ft., passive Perception 18
Languages Common, Sylvan
Challenge 8 (3,900 XP)
Captive Charge. As a bonus action, the nuckle can
move up to its speed. It can only do this if it is currently
grappling a creature.
Grappler. The nuckle can move at full speed when
grappling another creature.
Nuckle Weaknesses. The nuckle has the following flaws:
Harmed by Fresh Water. The nuckle takes 40 acid damage
if it ends its turn in fresh water.
Burning Seaweed. If the nuckle comes within 60 ft. of
burning seaweed, it goes into a rage and attacks the
creature closest to the seaweed with advantage on its
attacks. While the nuckle is in a rage, all attacks against
the nuckle have advantage.

Actions
Deadly Embrace. Melee Weapon Attack: +9 to hit, reach
5 ft., one target. Hit: 15 (3d6 + 5) bludgeoning damage
plus 21 (6d6) necrotic damage. If the target is a medium
or smaller creature, it is grappled (escape DC 15). Until
this grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the nuckle
can't use deadly embrace on another target.
Wilting Breath (Recharge 5-6). The nuckle exhales a
cloud of poison and biting insects in a 30-foot cone. Each
creature in that area must make a DC 16 Constitution
saving throw, taking 35 (10d6) necrotic damage on a
failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
All fresh water in the cone evaporates.
Appendix E | Monster s

425

SPHINX, LESSER

As the name implies, lesser sphinxes are less powerful
than their cousins, the better-known gynosphinxes and
androsphinxes. Rather than having a humanoid head
like greater sphinxes, hierocosphinxes resemble birds
of prey, while criosphinxes possess features that resemble horned sheep. Despite their animal visages, lesser
sphinxes are eloquent and wise. Some scholars speculate
that it is possible for a lesser sphinx to change into gynosphinx or an androsphinx over time.
Lesser sphinxes often serve greater sphinxes, forming a
small pride led by a greater sphinx or a designated lieutenant. However, instead of guarding a location alongside their
gynosphinx or androsphinx master, lesser sphinxes are given
the task of protecting a separate area. Usually nearby, these
auxiliary locations lie along the path to the primary place of
stewardship. They provide additional challenges to supplicants in search of the greater sphinxes. Although lesser
sphinxes are bound to guard a particular location like their
greater counterparts, they do not have access to lair actions.
However, lesser sphinxes are able to utilize their connections
to the primordial powers of time in their own ways.
Like greater sphinxes, some lesser sphinxes eventually
grow weary of their responsibilities as guardians and
break away from their divine command. Unlike androsphinxes and gynosphinxes, lesser sphinxes can wander
far away from their former dens, finding new places for
themselves in the world at large. Such cases are very
rare, but unbound sphinxes have been known to found
and lead humanoid groups.
Special Abililty: Time Mark
The lesser sphinxes have powers that interact with their
ability to mark time. This time marking only works if
detailed notes are kept by the Game Master. When a
sphinx uses time mark, make sure to write down hit points,
effects, and positions of all of the creatures impacted.

Criosphinx
These ram-headed sphinxes are the most likely of
their kind to abandon neutrality and are sometimes of
lawful good alignment, in contrast to their somewhat
fiendish appearance. Associated with love and vigor,
criosphinxes represent the sanguine side of creatures
otherwise known for their phlegmatic attitudes.
Although less likely than hierocosphinxes to ignore
divine commands, those unbound criosphinxes that do
exist are more likely to interact with human society. Such
criosphinxes are often attracted to serve human royalty
or take on the mantle of leadership themselves. Many
monuments and statues of sphinxes from antiquity may
actually depict criosphinxes rather than the gynosphinxes
they more resemble, with ancient artisans attempting to
“humanize” these great figures for future generations.
426

Appendix E | Monster s

Criosphinx

Large monstrosity, lawful neutral (75%) lawful good (25%)
Armor Class 17 (natural armor)
Hit Points 102 (12d10 + 36)
Speed 40 ft., fly 60 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
20 (+5) 14 (+2) 17 (+3) 14 (+2) 16 (+3) 18 (+4)
Skills Arcana +6, Perception +7, Religion +7
Senses truesight 60ft., passive Perception 17
Damage Resistances bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing
from nonmagical attacks
Damage Immunities psychic
Condition Immunities charmed, frightened
Languages Common, Sphinx
Challenge 9 (5,000 XP)
Magic Weapons. The sphinx's weapon attacks are magical.
Charge. If the sphinx moves at least 20 feet straight
toward a target and then hits it with a ram attck on the
same turn, the target takes an extra 10 (3d6) bludgeoning
damage. If the target is a creature it must succeed on a
DC 15 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.

Actions
Multiattack. The sphinx makes one ram attack and one
claw attack or two claw attacks.
Ram. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 12 (2d6 + 5) bludgeoning damage.
Claw. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 14 (2d8 + 5) slashing damage.
Time Duplicate (1/day). The sphinx brings a past version
of itself into the present. The version of itself must be
time marked. It is an exact duplicate of the sphinx at that
moment in time, except it cannot use Time Duplicate.
The duplicate sphinx takes its turn right after the end
of the original sphinx's turn. At the start of the original
sphinx's next turn, one of the sphinx vanishes. The
sphinx decides which one.

Legendary Actions
The sphinx can take 3 legendary actions, choosing from
the options below. Only one legendary action option
can be used at a time and only at the end of another
creature's turn. The sphinx regains spent legendary
actions at the start of its turn.
Attack. The sphinx makes one attack.
Charge (Costs 2 Actions). The sphinx makes a full move
and can make the ram attack action against a target.
Time Mark. The sphinx time marks itself. The time mark
lasts for 1 minute. The sphinx can only have one time
mark active at a time.

Hierocosphinx
Where criosphinxes embody the sanguine or optimistic
aspect of the sphinx, the hawk-headed hierocosphinx
tends toward the choleric or plain bad tempered. Many
of these creatures are lawful evil in alignment and
created to serve the commands of evil deities. Unbound
hierocosphinxes usually choose a life of angry solitude,
though some become great tyrants over lesser creatures.
While a criosphinx presents adventurers with exacting challenges out of pride and devotion to its master,
the hierocosphinx may deny a supplicant their due
reward—even if they have completed its task—out of
pure spite. The hierocosphinx justifies its actions in
such cases by pedantry: any deviation from doing the
task exactly as explained will allow the hierocosphinx
to declare it a failure.

Hierocosphinx

Large monstrosity, lawful neutral (50%), lawful evil (50%)
Armor Class 18 (natural armor)
Hit Points 90 (12d10 + 24)
Speed 40 ft., fly 70 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
14 (+2) 20 (+5) 15 (+2) 14 (+2) 16 (+3) 14 (+2)
Skills Arcana +6, Perception +7, Religion +7
Senses truesight 60ft., passive Perception 17
Damage Resistances bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing
from nonmagical attacks
Damage Immunities psychic
Condition Immunities charmed, frightened
Languages Common, Sphinx
Challenge 8 (3,900 XP)
Magic Weapons. The sphinx's weapon attacks are magical.
Time Sight. The sphinx can enter a state of awareness
where it sees the immediate past, the present and the
immediate future. It has advantage on attack rolls,
ability checks and saving throws. Attacks against it
have disadvantage. At the end of each oif its turns, the
sphinx can choose to change its initiative score. It gains
advantage on its new initiative roll.
Keen Sight. The sphinx has advantage on Wisdom
(Perception) checks that rely on sight.

Actions
Multiattack. The sphinx can choose to use Replay Time
and then makes two claw attacks.

428

Appendix E | Monster s

Sometimes mistaken for griffons, hierocosphinxes are
easily distinguished by their leonine manes and forelegs.
The intelligence of griffons and hierocosphinxes is a
stark contrast between the two: griffons are unintelligent, while hierocosphinxes are fully sapient beings
mentally similar to humans. Even though they are different, griffons and hierocosphinxes have been known to
interbreed. Any offspring possess a random patchwork
of feline and avian features, and rarely show any hierocosphinx intelligence.
Example: Using Time Mark & Replay Time
A hierocosphinx can use time mark to record a fireball, and
then when replay time is used, the wizard casting the spell
might hit all of his companions by accident.

Replay Time. The sphinx causes an action that it has
time marked to replay. The creature that took the action
returns to the spot where the action was originally
taken. If the action had a creature target (or targets),
the target(s) returns to their spot as well. All creatures
returned this way return to the exact state that they
were in at that moment in time. This includes hit points,
spell effects, exhaustion levels, etc. The action that was
taken is retaken. The action can replay out differently
due to other creatures being in different positions, and
the dice may fall differently this time.
Claw. Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 14 (2d8 + 5) slashing damage.

Legendary Actions
The sphinx can take 3 legendary actions, choosing from
the options below. Only one legendary action option
can be used at a time and only at the end of another
creature's turn. The sphinx regains spent legendary
actions at the start of its turn.
Attack. The sphinx makes one attack.
Wing Attack (Costs 2 Actions). The sphinx beats its
wings. Each creature within 10 feet of the sphinx
must succeed on a DC 15 Dexterity check or be
knocked prone. The sphinx can then fly up to half of
its fly speed.
Time Mark. The sphinx time marks an action taken by
a creature within sight of it who just took its turn.
The creature is time marked as well. If the creature's
action had a target creature, the target creature
is time marked as well. The time mark lasts for 1
minute. The sphinx can only have one time mark
active at a time. The sphinx cannot mark itself or
another sphinx.

NON-PLAYER
CHARACTERS

Barbarian Paragon

This appendix contains statistics for humanoid nonplayer characters.

Amazon Warrior
Amazon warriors are famed for being fearsome and
cruel fighters. The war-cries of Amazons are enough to
cause despair even in the bravest foes.

Barbarian Paragon
A paragon is the fiercest warrior of their tribe. They
represent the tribal ideal, be that a northern barbarian
berserker or a tropical Amazonian fighter.

Amazon Warrior

Medium humanoid (any race), any chaotic alignment
Armor Class 17 (studded leather armor and shield)
Hit Points 33 (6d8 + 6)
Speed 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
14 (+2) 16 (+3) 13 (+1)

INT
9 (+0)

WIS
CHA
10 (+0) 12 (+1)

Skills Athletics +4, Intimidation +4, Perception + 2
Senses passive Perception 12
Languages Amazon, Common
Challenge 2 (450 XP)
Speed of the Eagle. An amazon warrior can use a bonus
action to Dash or Disengage on each of her turns.

Actions
Multiattack. The amazon warrior makes two sword
attacks or two javelin attacks.
Shortsword. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 6 (1d6 + 3) piercing damage or 8 (1d6 +
5) piercing damage when raging.

Medium humanoid (any race), any chaotic alignment
Armor Class 15 (studded leather armor)
Hit Points 78 (12d8 + 24)
Speed 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
18 (+4) 16 (+3) 15 (+2) 11 (+0) 10 (+0) 14 (+2)
Skills Athletics +7, Intimidation +7, Perception + 6
Senses passive Perception 16
Languages Native language, Common
Challenge 5 (1,800 XP)
Reckless. At the start of its turn, the barbarian paragon
can gain advantage on all melee weapon attack
rolls during that turn, but attack rolls against it have
advantage until the start of its next turn.
Speed of the Eagle. The barbarian paragon can use a
bonus action to Dash or Disengage on each of its turns.

Actions
Multiattack. The barbarian paragon makes two greataxe
attacks or two javelin attacks.
Greataxe. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 11 (2d6 + 4) slashing damage or 13 (2d6
+ 6) slashing damage when raging.
Javelin. Ranged Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, range 30/90 ft.,
one target. Hit: 7 (1d6 + 4) piercing damage.
Rage. The barbarian paragon enters a state of rage for 1
minute. During that time the paragon gains resistance
to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage. The
paragon also gains a +2 damage bonus to all melee
attacks and attacks of opportunity are at disadvantage
against the paragon. Any ally of the paragon gains
advantage on attack rolls made against any enemy
within 5 ft of the paragon.

Javelin. Ranged Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, range 30/90 ft.,
one target. Hit: 6 (1d6 + 3) piercing damage.
Rage. The amazon warrior enters a state of rage for
1 minute. During that time she gains resistance to
bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage. She also
gains a +2 damage bonus to all of her melee attacks and
attacks of opportunity are at disadvantage against her.

I have always wanted to visit the famed
Barbarians of Indigo Island. They are said to

be as mighty as oak trees and as wise as goats!
Or maybe it was the other way around.

- Pythor, God of Battle

Appendix E | Monster s

429

Martial Master

Satyr Minstrel

These proud warriors have mastered the art of fighting
without armor or shields. But only fools would make the
mistake of underestimating them on the battlefield.

Some satyrs have spent years traveling the mortal world,
collecting songs and learning various ways to enhance
the power of their magical songs.

Martial Master

Satyr Minstrel

Armor Class 18 (unarmored defense)
Hit Points 78 (12d8 + 24)
Speed 40 ft.

Armor Class 15 (leather armor)
Hit Points 55 (10d8+10)
Speed 40 ft.

Medium humanoid (any race), any neutral alignment

STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 18 (+4) 14 (+2) 10 (+0) 18 (+4) 12 (+1)
Skills Acrobatics +7, Perception +7
Condition Immunities charmed, frightened, poisoned
Senses passive Perception 17
Languages Common
Challenge 6 (2,300 XP)
Evasion. If the martial master is subjected to an effect
that allows it to make a Dexterity saving throw to take
only half damage, the martial master instead takes no
damage if it succeeds on the saving throw, and only half
damage if it fails.
Speed of the Eagle. A martial master can use a bonus
action to Dash or Disengage on each of its turns.

STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 18 (+4) 13 (+1) 12 (+1) 10 (+0) 18 (+4)
Skills Perception +5, Performance +5, Stealth +7
Senses passive Perception 15
Languages Common, Elvish, Sylvan
Challenge 3 (700 XP)
Magic Resistance. The satyr minstrel has advantage on
saves vs spells and other magical effects.
Fey Music. The satyr minstrel can use an action to play
music using an instrument of its choice. Any creature
within 60 feet of the satyr that can hear the music must
make a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be affected by
one of the following effects:

Actions

The creature is charmed by the satyr for 1 minute. If
the satyr or its companions harms the creature, the
effect ends.
The creature falls asleep for 1 minute. Any damage will
awaken the creature, as will someone using an action
to shake the creature.

Multiattack. The martial master makes two unarmed
attacks and then two spear attacks.

Actions

Unarmored Defense. While the martial master is
wearing no armor and wielding no shield, its AC
includes its Wisdom modifier.

Unarmed. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 7 (1d6 + 4) bludgeoning damage. If the
target is a creature, they must either make a DC 15
Strength saving throw or be knocked prone, or they must
make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or be stunned
until the start of the martial master's next turn. The
martial master chooses which saving throw the target
must make.
Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 8 (1d8 + 4) piercing damage.

Reactions
Deflect Missile. In response to being hit by a ranged
weapon attack, the martial master deflects the missile.
The damage it takes from the attack is reduced by 1d10
+ 4. If the damage is reduced to 0, the martial master
catches the missile if it’s small enough to hold in one
hand and the martial master has a hand free.

430

Medium fey, chaotic neutral

Appendix E | Monster s

Multiattack. The satyr makes two shortsword attacks or
two shortbow attacks.
Shortsword. Melee Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 7 (1d6 + 4) piercing damage.
Shortbow. Ranged Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, range
80/320 ft., one target. Hit: 7 (1d6 + 4) piercing damage.

Soldier

Medium humanoid (any race), any alignment
Armor Class 17 (breastplate and shield)
Hit Points 11 (2d8 + 2)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 12 (+1) 12 (+1) 10 (+0) 11 (+0) 10 (+0)
Skills Atheletics +3
Senses passive Perception 10
Languages Common
Challenge 1/2 (100 XP)

Soldier
Soldiers are the skilled warriors that serve in armies.
They form the bulk of nearly every organized military
force and can usually be relied upon to follow orders
when led by a captain that they trust and respect.

Soldier, Captain
Armies are organized into detachments of soldiers that
need commanders. A captain must have the respect of
his unit, even if this is only because he is far tougher
than his followers. He must also have the combat skill
and willingness to lead from the front. A wise captain
also keeps his men alive by not committing them to
battles without a solid chance of victory.

Martial Advantage. Once per turn, the soldier can deal
an extra 3 (1d6) damage to a creature it hits with a
weapon attack if that creature is within 5 feet of an ally
of the soldier that isn't incapacitated.

Soldier, Captain

Actions

Armor Class 18 (breastplate and shield)
Hit Points 33 (6d8 + 6)
Speed 30 ft.

Shortsword. Melee Weapon Attack: +3 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 4 (1d6 + 1) piercing damage.
Long Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +3 to hit, reach 10 ft.,
one target. Hit: 4 (1d6 + 1) piercing damage.
Javelin. Ranged Weapon Attack: +3 to hit, range 30/90
ft., one target. Hit: 4 (1d6 + 1) piercing damage.
Shield Push. Melee Weapon Attack: +3 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 2 (1d2 +1) bludgeoning damage. If the
target is large sized or smaller, it must make a DC 11
Strength saving throw or be knocked prone or pushed
back 5 ft. (soldier's choice)

The Phalanx Formation
Thylean soldiers are usually called “hoplites,” and they
specialize in a mass military formation called the “phalanx.” Soldiers typically arrange themselves into tight
rows on the battlefield, locking their shields together to
create a shield wall. Hoplites on the front line carry their
shield on their left arm, protecting their neighbor to the
left. They use their right hand to reach over the shield
wall and attack the enemy with their spear.
This formation was devised for use in large-scale
battles, but in Thylea, even small squadrons of soldiers
are trained to take advantage of the phalanx. With the
leadership of a captain, pairs of soldiers can lock their
shields together into tight units, dramatically increasing
their effectiveness.

Medium humanoid (any race), any alignment

STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
14 (+2) 14 (+2) 12 (+1) 10 (+0) 11 (+0) 12 (+1)
Skills Atheletics +4
Senses passive Perception 10
Languages Common
Challenge 3 (700 XP)
Martial Advantage. Once per turn, the captain can deal
an extra 7 (2d6) damage to a creature it hits with a
weapon attack if that creature is within 5 feet of an ally
of the soldier that isn't incapacitated.
Brave. The captain has advantage on saving throws
against being frightened.

Actions
Multiattack. The captain makes two melee attacks.
Shortsword. Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 5 (1d6 + 2) piercing damage.
Javelin. Ranged Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, range 30/90 ft.,
one target. Hit: 5 (1d6 + 2) piercing damage.
Shield Push. Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 3 (1d2 +2) bludgeoning damage. If the
target is large sized or smaller, it must make a DC 12
Strength saving throw or be knocked prone or pushed
back 5 ft. (captain's choice)
Shield Wall. For 1 minute the captain and any ally who
can see the captain gains +1 AC if they are using a
shield. They gain an additional +1 AC as long as they are
standing within 5 ft. of another ally using a shield. The
maximum AC bonus from this ability is +2 AC.

Appendix E | Monster s

431

Troglodyte Brute
Some troglodytes are born bigger than others of their
kind. In the harsh and unforgiving society of the troglodytes, these larger creatures always get the choicest
meat and thus grow even stronger over time. It is not
unknown for brutes to eat weaker troglodytes if times
are harsh and other food is not available.

Warrior Monk
Warrior monks are trained in the art of hand-to-hand
combat almost as soon as they can walk. They usually
wield spears and short swords but can be nearly as dangerous when they are unarmed.

Troglodyte Brute

phalanx
unimpressed by the
The Aresians are
the First War.
introduced during
we
at
th
es
iqu
hn
tec
styles, which
their own fight ing
They've de velo ped
t, their spears
and grace. In comba
emphasize fluidity
t they will
eyes can follow. Bu
al
rt
mo
an
th
r
ste
move fa
of the phalanx.
to break the po wer
need more than that
)
Dragonlord (25 CE
— Rizon Phobas,

Medium humanoid (troglodyte), chaotic evil
Armor Class 13 (natural armor)
Hit Points 30 (4d8 + 12)
Speed 30 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
18 (+4) 14 (+2) 17 (+3)

INT
6 (-2)

Warrior Monk

Medium humanoid (any race), any neutral alignment
WIS
12 (+1)

CHA
6 (-2)

Skills Stealth +5
Senses darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 11
Languages Troglodyte
Challenge 1 (200 XP)
Chameleon Skin. The troglodyte has advantage on
Dexterity (Stealth) checks made to hide.
Stench. Any creature other than a troglodyte that starts
its turn within 10 feet of the troglodyte must succeed
on a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or be poisoned
until the start of the creature's next turn. On a successful
saving throw, the creature is immune to the stench of all
troglodytes for 1 hour.

Armor Class 15 (unarmored defense)
Hit Points 31 (6d8 + 4)
Speed 40 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 16 (+3) 12 (+1) 10 (+0) 14 (+2) 12 (+1)
Skills Acrobatics +5, Perception + 4
Senses passive Perception 14
Languages Common
Challenge 1 (100 XP)
Unarmored Defense. While the warrior monk is wearing
no armor and wielding no shield, its AC includes its
Wisdom modifier.

Sunlight Sensitivity. While in sunlight, the troglodyte
has disadvantage on attack rolls, as well as on Wisdom
(Perception) checks that rely on sight.

Actions

Actions
Multiattack. The troglodyte makes three attacks: one
with its bite and two with its claws.

Unarmed. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target. Hit: 5 (1d4 + 3) piercing damage. If the target
is a creature, they must make a DC 13 Strength saving
throw or be knocked prone.

Bite. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 6 (1d4 + 4) piercing damage.

Spear. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 6 (1d6 + 3) piercing damage.

Claw. Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one
target. Hit: 6 (1d4 + 4) slashing damage.

Reactions

Multiattack. The warrior monk makes one unarmed
attack and then two spear attacks.

Deflect Missile. In response to being hit by a ranged
weapon attack, the warrior monk deflects the missile.
The damage it takes from the attack is reduced by 1d10
+ 3. If the damage is reduced to 0, the monk catches the
missile if it’s small enough to hold in one hand and the
adept has a hand free.

432

Appendix E | Monster s

Wild Druid
A druid who can wildshape, or adopt the form of an
animal. Some dismiss these people as wanderers, vagabonds, and hedge-lunatics, but they are wise and know
much about the natural world.

Wild Druid

over to the normal form. In beast form a wild druid
can’t cast spells, but this doesn’t break concentration
on a spell already cast.

Armor Class 12 (17 with barkskin)
Hit Points 52 (8d8 + 16)
Speed 30 ft.

Spellcasting. The druid is a 8th-level spellcaster. Its
spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 14, +6 to
hit with spell attacks). It has the following druid spells
prepared:

Medium humanoid (any race), any neutral alignment

STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
12 (+1) 14 (+2) 14 (+2) 10 (+0) 16 (+3) 12 (+1)
Skills Medicine +6, Nature +3, Perception +6
Senses passive Perception 15
Languages Druidic, Common plus one other language
Challenge 6 (2,300 XP)

Cantrips (at will): druidcraft, produce flame, resistance,
shillelagh
1st level (4 slots): entangle, healing word, longstrider,
speak with animals, thunderwave
2nd level (3 slots): animal messenger, barkskin, heat metal
3rd level (3 slots): call lightning, plant growth
4th level (1 slots): control water, wall of fire

Wildshape. Twice per day, the wild druid can use a
bonus action to change into a cave bear, hunter shark,
or giant eagle. The wild druid's statistics are replaced
by the statistics of the beast, but the wild druid retains
its alignment, personality, and Intelligence, Wisdom,
and Charisma scores. When the wild druid transforms,
it assumes the beast’s hit points and hit dice. When
the wild druid reverts to its normal form, it returns to
the number of hit points it had before it transformed.
However, if the wild druid reverts as a result of
dropping to 0 hit points, any excess damage carries

Actions

Hands of Kentimane

Regeneration. Hands of Kentimane regains 20 hit points
at the start of its turn. If Hands of Kentimane takes fire
damage, then this trait doesn't function at the start of
its next turn.

Huge fey, neutral

Armor Class 19 (natural armor)
Hit Points 176 (12d12 + 120)
Speed 50 ft.
STR
DEX
CON
INT
WIS
CHA
30 (+10) 16 (+3) 30 (+10) 22 (+6) 22 (+6) 24 (+7)
Saving Throws Str +17, Int +13, Wis +13, Chr +14
Condition Immunities charmed, frightened, paralyzed
Skills Insight +13
Senses truesight 120ft., passive Perception 16
Languages All
Challenge 8 (3,900 XP)
Hands of the Titan. This pair of hands is controlled by
the Titan, Kentimane. When Kentimane is dormant, his
hands are impossible to distinguish from statues.

Change Shape. The wild druid can use its wildshape as
a bonus action before or after taking a regular action.
The wild druid retains the change shape action in its
new form.
Quarterstaff. Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit (+6 to hit
with shillelagh), reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 4 (1d6 + 1)
bludgeoning damage, 5 (1d8 + 1) bludgeoning damage
if wielded with two hands, or 7 (1d8 + 3) bludgeoning
damage with shillelagh.

Withdraw. Hands of Kentimane may use an action to
withdraw into the ground and disappear completely. It
may use another action to re-emerge within 50 ft.

Actions
Multiattack. Hands of Kentimane can attack twice
using its grab or crush attack.
Grab. Melee Weapon Attack: +13 to hit, reach 25 ft.,
one target. Hit: 24 (4d6 + 10) bludgeoning damage. The
target is grappled (escape DC 20). if the target is Large
or smaller, it is also restrained until the grapple ends.
While grappling the target, Kentimane and his Hands
have advantage on attack rolls against the target.
Crush. Melee Weapon Attack: +13 to hit, reach 5 ft.,
one target grappled by Kentimane. Hit: 38 (8d6 + 10)
bludgeoning damage.
Appendix E | Monster s

433

Appendix F: Encounters
This appendix provides a variety of encounters that
you can use on land or at sea during your campaign.
Encounters can be used to provide extra combat challenges and atmosphere to journeys across Thylea.
Some of these encounters need not end in bloodshed.
They may be used to provide valuable information to
the party or to guide them in the right direction on their
quest. They can also be used for comic relief, when the
party needs a reprieve from high stakes adventuring.

RANDOM LAND
ENCOUNTERS

Five centaurs arrive 10 minutes later. If the bandits
are alive when the centaurs appear, the heroes must
make a DC 20 Charisma (Persuasion) check to convince
the centaurs that they have nothing to do with the bandits. If the bandits are dead, then the Persuasion check
is only DC 10. If the heroes team up with the bandits
to defeat the centaurs, the bandit captain rewards the
heroes with 50 gp and a potion of healing.

Blemys


You hear the sounds of angry shouting just beyond a
nearby hedge. Peering through, you can see a strange,
headless creature with a single great eye and mouth on
its chest. The cyclops appears to be screaming at itself
and cursing its own stupidity. It stands over a broken
human body and clutches at the lifeless arms.

Random encounters can be used to spice up a session
during travel. Roll a d20 for each day of travel; on result
of 11 or higher, the party encounters something. Roll
d100 on the table below, using the appropriate environment. Alternatively, you may simply select something
that suits the party's current situation:



Table of Random Land Encounters
Encounter (d100)

Plains

Mountains

Forest

Bandits

1–20

1–10

—

Blemys

21–25

—

1–5

Centaur Scouts

26–45

—

—

Cyclops

46–50

11–20

6–15

Griffon

51–65

21–30

—

Gygan

—

31–35

16–20

Harpies

66–80

36–50

21–30

Kentimane’s Arms

81–90

51–60

—

Maenad

—

—

31–40

Satyr

—

—

41–60

Goatlings

—

—

61–80

Stimfay

91–100

61–80

—

Wolves

—

81–100

81–100





This lonely blemys recently befriended a traveling
merchant. The two got on very well for several months
until the cyclops lost his temper and killed his new
friend. Now he deeply regrets it. He notices the party
immediately and vents his anger on them, believing
that they will try to kill him, because he's “just a stupid
monster.” Unless the party can use raise dead or some
other spell to resurrect his friend, the blemys will
attack the party and try to drive them away, weeping
the whole time.

Centaur Scouts




A sudden rain of arrows whizzes through the air toward
you, thunking into the ground at your feet. You hear
hoof beats closing fast as a troop of centaurs crests a
nearby hill. The centaurs track your movements with
their bows as they prepare to launch a second volley.


Bandits




A group of men and women, all suffering from serious-looking and apparently recent wounds, approaches
your party. One man at the front of the band motions
for his fellows to stop and calls out to you for aid.




A group of badly-wounded bandits are looking for help.
They tried to waylay a band of centaurs, but the ambush
went poorly. There are 7 (2d6) bandits and a bandit
captain. All have been reduced to half hit points. The
bandit captain tries to convince the heroes to join forces
with them before the centaur band arrives.
434

Appendix F | R a ndom Encounter s



A band of 2d4 centaurs engages the heroes, firing
arrows at them from 500 ft. away. If the heroes attempt
to escape, the centaurs will allow them to flee. They
will spend several rounds jeering and laughing at the
cowardly mortals. Each of the centaurs carries a drinking horn and a bronze spear in addition to a bow. If the
heroes stand and fight, the centaurs will fire one more
volley of arrows and then close for a hand-to-hand fight.

I once heard of a centaur tribe that outfitted its
warriors in burnished bronze armor. It is said that
they were radiant to look upon. But they never wore
boots, because it didn't behoove them.

- Kyrah, Goddess of Music

Cyclops




You notice rumblings in the ground beneath your feet,
just seconds before a gigantic, one-eyed woman bursts
from the foliage nearby. The cyclops roars in laughter,
shaking her great club at you. She then gleefully heads
your way with a malevolent gleam in her eye.


Harpies




A female cyclops has decided that the heroes would
make an excellent sacrifice to Sydon, once they are
smashed into pulp. She is easy to trick, and the heroes
can try to convince her that they are agents of the
gods, or gods themselves in disguise. A successful DC
15 Charisma (Persuasion) check will convince her to
leave the party alone. If she easily “smashes” the heroes
(knocks down half their number), she will feel sorry for
them. Such weaklings are not worth sacrificing, and
she will spare them if they beg for their “little” lives.

Griffon




While traveling, you notice a stale stench carried on
the breeze. You hear shrill voices from above, mixed
with notes of a strangely alluring song. Looking into
the skies, you see a flock of monstrous bird-women
hovering and watching you from a distance.




A flock of d4 harpies follow the party from a distance,
hurling insults and threats but not attacking. They will
wait until the heroes happen across some other threat,
or if they cross an area of dangerous terrain. Then, the
harpies will use their luring song to gain an edge before
attacking.

Kentimane’s Arms



A grisly sight is before you: a griffon with blood-soaked
fur and feathers is devouring a freshly killed horse.
The remains of the mutilated rider, a heavily armed
and armored man, have been scattered nearby. Intent
upon enjoying its feast, the griffon does not appear to
noticed you.


A pair of enormous stone forearms reach out of
the ground next to the path that you are following.
The statues are completely still, frozen in a gesture
that appears to be grasping at the sky. Although the
stonework appears to be finely carved, there are no
other signs of civilization or any man-made structures
anywhere in the vicinity.



A griffon is eating the corpse of a horse. The rider, a
centurion, has been torn into pieces. The griffon will
ignore the heroes unless they approach it. The centurion
has a pouch with 10 gp and 40 sp. He also has a letter
from King Acastus, ordering him to find the whereabouts of the “Heroes of the Prophecy” and report back
to Mytros.

Gygan






This gygan is part of a small tribe of d4 gygans who
are hidden in some nearby woods. He does not attack
unless the party provokes him—he does not want to
endanger his tribe by drawing unwanted attention. If
the party attacks, then the rest of his tribe joins the
battle after 3 rounds. They fight to the death, to prevent discovery.



The pair of giant stone arms are normally inactive,
unless the heroes have killed either Sydon or Lutheria.
In that case, Kentimane has begun to awaken, and the
Hands of Kentimane will attack with the intent to
destroy the party!

Maenad




While following the road you come upon a bizarre
camp. An unkempt woman with the feet and horns
of a goat sings raucously and swigs from a filthy cup
of wine. She is accompanied in her merrymaking by a
handful of squat, bipedal goat-things. A sweet smell,
not unlike roast pork, wafts from the corpse of a dwarf
that is cooking over their fire.

In the distance, you notice a large figure stooping to
forage in the grass. He suddenly stares up at you, as if
alerted to danger. Rising to his full height, you can see
that he has six arms and a single eye.










A maenad and d4 goatlings are drinking and singing
by the side of the road. They are roasting a dwarven
merchant that they ambushed, and the corpses of other
merchants lie close by. The maenad and her gang won’t
attack the heroes, but the goatlings can’t resist hurling
insults. The creatures will fight to the death if attacked.
Appendix F | R a ndom Encounter s

435

Satyr




A slight rustling comes from the tall grass that runs
along the side of the road, and then a young man with
the horns and legs of a goat jumps out in front of your
party. He begins playing a jaunty tune from his panpipes and skips away at a leisurely pace.




A satyr minstrel with pan pipes uses his melody to
charm the heroes and bring them closer to him. Then he
will use his pan pipes to put the heroes to sleep so that
he can rob them of all their gold and silver. He will try to
knock out any hero who resists his song but if he takes
more than half his hit points in damage he will flee.

Goatlings




Peals of bleating laughter herald the appearance of six
diminutive humanoid goats. They continue their chittering as they point towards you, make lewd gestures,
and throw insults. Some of them throw rocks at you.


A pack of a dozen wolves led by a dire wolf have been
driven to attack by hunger. Their howls should be
heard in the distance as night falls, but the wolves won’t
attack until the heroes have made camp and are settling
down for the night. They will gang up on one hero and
attempt to drag that person away into the dark. They are
seeking an easy meal—not a battle to the death.

SPECIAL LAND
ENCOUNTERS

Special encounters can be added to the campaign
at your discretion. They can be more complex than
random encounters and have consequences for course
of play, so they can be distracting if you use them when
players already have clear objectives to pursue. These
encounters are best used if players decide to go off
exploring regions and landmarks that aren’t really part
of the main adventure.

Pholon the Centaur




You hear the clatter of uneven hoof beats approaching from behind. You turn to find a centaur stumbling
towards you, carrying an empty wineskin. Despite his
wobbly gait, the centaur does not appear to be angry
or particularly distressed. When he notices you, he
smiles drunkenly and flexes his meaty arms. He seems
to be in the mood for a friendly challenge.
“Which one of you wants to fight me?”



A band of a 1d6 shrieking goatlings and one goatling
trickster descends upon the heroes. It's hard to know
which is worse: their shrill mockery or the pervading
smell of unwashed goat.

Stimfay





A curious glint draws your attention upward. Ahead
are a group of six metallic birds circling what seem to
be the remains of a centaur. The creatures take turns
diving down to rend and pull at fresh chunks of its flesh
with their cruel bronze beaks.


Pholon the Centaur



The six stimfay are feasting on the carcass of a centaur.
They ignore the heroes unless they get too close or look
as if they might try to take their food away. At that point,
the stimfay will attack the heroes. The stimfay belong to
Amazon warriors who may be hunting nearby—but it's
also possible that their masters were killed.

Wolves




As you make camp, the quiet of the evening is broken
by mournful howls. Soon, the source of the noise
comes into view: a pack of gray wolves, which advance
upon you hungrily! They are led by a black, horse-sized
wolf with bony spines protruding from its back. It
glares at you with malice as its pack circles.


436

Appendix F | R a ndom Encounter s





This drunken centaur is Pholon (refer to Dramatis
Personae for details). He will challenge the hero that
seems toughest to him to a fist fight. He’ll also agree to
wrestle anyone who seems up to it. He’ll fight until a combatant is reduced to zero hit points, but he won’t inflict
any serious harm; his preferred fighting methods are
grappling and punching.
Whatever the outcome of this fight, Pholon will
decide that the heroes are his kind of people. He
explains that he is from Scorpion Island. He recently
lost his mortal rider, and he’s looking for a new bonded
brother or sister. This is a chance for the heroes to pick
up a new companion and quite a useful mount.

Zephyrus, the Summer Wind


When the heroes awaken, they have been restrained
by entangling vines, which require a DC 15 Strength
saving throw to escape. The satyr will apologize, but he
cannot allow the location of the shrine to be discovered.
He will then order the shambling mound to smash the
heroes into very small bits.
Treasure
Hidden under the ruins is a golden statue of the sun god,
a beautiful man with long hair, worth 1,000 gp. There is
also a sealed clay tube. This is a scroll case that must be
shattered to open it. Inside are three fireball scrolls.

Euria the Autumn Wind


The road grows rocky as you enter a mountainous
region. In the distance, a ruined guard tower stands at
a vantage point, which obviously has clear views of the
whole surrounding area. The building looks ancient,
and it’s in a very poor state of repair. There looks to be
a fire burning on the parapet, and you can hear gentle
music drifting from inside.



You feel a warm summery breeze. It guides you into a
forest clearing, which is carpeted by wildflowers. There
are ancient marble collapsed ruins here which are
apparently guarded by an animated mound of thorny
vines and laurel leaves. The vine creature sways back
and forth as if dancing, while sitting upon one of the
fallen pillars is a satyr playing a gentle tune upon a lute.







Zephyrus (CN satyr minstrel) is playing a Zephyr lute,
and has permanently charmed the shambling mound
that is dancing to his music. Neither he nor the shambling mound will attack unless they are provoked, but
they will not permit the heroes to explore the ruins.
The satyr has a wicked sense of humor, and not above
passing comment on the heroes, their apparent prowess
(in all fields of endeavor), their clothes, their equipment, their haircuts, their weaponry (“That’s a very tiny
sword...”) and anything else he finds funny.
The Four Winds: Zephyrus
Kyrah recognizes Zephyrus as one of the Four Winds, a
troupe of fey bards who broke into the Temple of the Five
and stole her divine instruments, including the Zephyr
lute. In any fight, Zephyrus will use the lute as a makeshift club (doing 1d4 bludgeoning damage) and there is a
75% chance that the lute will be destroyed in the process,
leaving behind a set of nymph-hair strings.

The Shrine Guardian
Zephyrus claims to be the guardian of the ruin, which
was once a shrine to Helios, the sun god. Helios has
been largely forgotten by the mortals in Thylea, but he
is still revered by the giants and fey folks. Zephyrus will
ask the heroes if they would like to hear a song about the
god. If the heroes agree, he will then lull them to sleep
with a gentle, tragic melody about a mortal who stole
the sun god's chariot and flew too close to the sun.



Euria (CN oread) lives inside the guard tower, and is playing music upon a Euros lyre. The mountain nymph has a
permanently charmed fire elemental acting as a beacon
at the top of the tower. Euria is radiantly beautiful, and she
wears nothing except a cloak of protection. She is polite
and welcoming to travelers, but she is largely uninterested
in why the heroes have come to her tower. She openly
admires them as strong and powerful adventurers, though.
The Four Winds: Euria
Kyrah recognizes Euria as one of the Four Winds, fey bards
who stole musical instruments from the Temple of the
Five. The Euros lyre rightfully belongs to Kyrah. In any
fight, there is a 75% chance that the lyre will be destroyed
in the battle, leaving behind a set of nymph-hair strings.

The Nymph’s Desire
Euria wants to lure travelers into her tower so that she
may turn them into thralls. She prefers her victims to
be willing, and she will offer to take one of the heroes to
“paradise.” If a hero agrees, she will spend the night with
them. By morning, they have be under the effects of a
geas spell (with no chance to save).
If Euria successfully puts one of the heroes under her
geas, then she demands that they bring her the Boreal
harp. She’s grown tired of the lyre and wants something
new to play. She explains that the satyrs who tend to the
Mytros vineyards took the harp. Another one could be
crafted at the Mithral Forge. If the heroes perform this
task respectfully, then she will exchange her Euros lyre
for the Boreal harp and free her thrall from the geas.
Appendix F | R a ndom Encounter s

437

Treasure
Inside the guard tower is a chest containing many
ancient, withered iron swords. The swords are worthless
other than as a source of iron, but they bear inscriptions
that date their original forging to the First War.

RANDOM SEA
ENCOUNTERS

• Dengran (human bandit captain): reckless, handsome, and an annoying know-it-all.

Roll a d20 for each day spent at sea. On a result of 11 or
higher, the party encounters something. Roll d100 and
consult the table below. Alternatively, you may choose
something that seems to fit the party's situation.
Many of the encounters here can be avoided by
offering up a sacrifice to the gods or to the encountered
creature itself. The size of the sacrifice is dependent on
the power of the creature facing the heroes.

• Heliope (human mage): thoughtful, introspective,
and always asking questions about Thylea.

• Rutger (dwarven veteran): dour, keeps to himself, and

careful to avoid conflicts which might get out of hand.

• Quinn (human noble): complains about everything.

He has assumed leadership of the four, even though
the other three think he’s a privileged idiot. He is the
son of a noble who financed the failed exploration.

Table of Random Sea Encounters
Encounter (d100)

Cerulean Gulf

Forgotten Sea

Shipwrecked Sailors

1–5

1–10

Dolphins

5–15

11–20

Falling Star

16–20

21–25

—

26–30

Harpies

21–30

—

Hurricane

31–40

31–40

Gargantuan Waves

Island Turtle

41–45

41–45

—

46–50

Manticores

46–55

—

Pirate Ship

56–60

—

Reef

61–65

51–55

Kraken

Roc

These few survivors are explorers from the outer world,
hired by the ruler of a mighty nation to find Thylea, and
unlucky enough to have their ship destroyed by Sydon.
The nation in question can be any that fits your overall
campaign structure and world. Although weak, they can
describe the powers Sydon used to smash their ship, and
all of them are deeply grateful to be rescued. The four are:

—

56–65

Shallow Sea

66–70

66–70

Sea of Gore

71–75

71–75

Sirens (Sea Hags)

76–80

76–80

Storm and Kraken

—

81–85

Whale Pod

81–86

86–95

Whale Corpse

87–90

96–100

Whirlpool

91–100

—

These castaways are looking to reach safe land as soon
as possible. These characters can be useful to ramp up
the threat level of another ocean encounter. For example, if the roc attacks, it might grab one of the castaways
and devour them, or the harpies could use their song to
lure one of them into shark infested waters.

Dolphins




Falling Star


438

Appendix F | R a ndom Encounter s



It is a clear night and the heavens are ablaze with stars
and constellations, beautiful to look upon. The peace
is broken when you catch sight of a falling star. Instead
of streaking quickly across the sky, it grows larger and
larger until the flaming ball seems like it might hit the
ship. As it passes overhead, you can feel its heat. Some
distance away, it crashes into the sea.



The sea is relatively calm, but there is something floating on the ocean ahead. As you approach, you realize
that it is the wreckage of a sailing ship from the world
beyond Thylea. Only broken pieces of its hull, oars, and
spars are bobbing in the water. But a closer look shows
that there are survivors clinging to the wreckage: two
men, a woman, and a dwarf. They are clearly exhausted
and close to the point of death.




The dolphins playfully swim with the ship for an hour,
keeping just ahead of it. If the players can use magic to
speak to the dolphins, they can ask about nearby islands.
The dolphins know the area, and can give a cursory
description of each nearby island.

Shipwrecked Sailors




Your day is marked by a sign of good fortune. A pod
of dolphins swims alongside your ship, clicking happily
and playing in the waves at the prow.





After the star hits with water, its bright glow remains
visible beneath the waves. The heroes can sail toward
where the falling star fell:




Although now cooled by the seawater, the fallen star
continues to give off an eerie light, making its resting
place easy to spot beneath the waves.






The heroes can go underwater to explore the star, but
they will need some sort of water breathing ability or
spell in order to swim down to the seabed. The fallen
star is a meteorite made of a silvery ore. It can be recovered from the ocean with a successful DC15 Strength
(Athletics) check. This orb of star metal can be used in
the construction of magic items at the Mithral Forge.

Gargantuan Waves




The horizon changes, and seems to rise up. A huge
wave is approaching your ship. Your crew scrambles to
prepare, but it soon becomes apparent that this wave is
caused by something massive that moves beneath the
water. The wave towers above your ship, blotting out
the sun. Your ship begins to ride up the swell...


sea, chumming the water to attract sharks. They then
circle the ship and use their luring song to convince victims to leap into the ocean to reach them. Three rounds
after they arrive, fins can be seen cutting through the
water as 2d4 hunter sharks arrive.
The sharks attack anyone who swims in the water,
using stealth to strike from below. The harpies intend
to scavenge chunks of meat from the heroes after the
sharks tear them to shreds. The harpies will fly away
if half their number are killed or wounded. Any harpy
reduced to half its hit points will fall into the sea and
become a target for the sharks.

Hurricane




Kentimane walks through the oceans of Thylea, and this
wave passes before him. He is hunting for trespassing
ships from the outer world. Luckily, the party’s ship is a
Thylean vessel and therefore not his target.
The only way to avoid the wave is through magic.
Spells such as gust of wind, wind wall, or a conjured air
elemental will allow the Ultros to speed away from the
wave. Without magic, they will have to ride it out. As
they reach a point half-way up the wave, the distorted
shadow of Kentimane appears inside the water:






As your ship climbs the monumental wave, the shadow
of a gargantuan creature can be seen darkening the
water. It appears to be a titanic humanoid with dozens
of writhing arms and heads. Whatever this giant may
be, it seems unaware of your vessel. Eventually, your
ship rides back down the wave, and the ocean calms.




Kentimane will ignore the Ultros and the heroes should
be able to continue on their way unharmed. If they are
suicidal enough to attack Kentimane, his statistics can
be found in the Dramatis Personae appendix.

Harpies




The peaceful stillness of the sea around you is interrupted by panicked bleating from the skies above. A
sheep is being tossed around by a flock of “birds” with
the heads and torsos of women. Two of the creatures
tear apart the still-living sheep in a dispute over its
meat. As blood and gore rain down upon the deck, the
foul creatures begin to sing with a bewitching voices.


A flock of 2d6 harpies descends upon the heroes’ ship.
They drop what’s left of the unfortunate sheep into the





Winds pull at your clothes and tug at the ship’s sail and
ropes as the skies begin to darken. On the horizon, a
massive storm roils towards your ship with alarming
speed. As it draws closer, the ocean grows violent.
Soon, your vessel is pitched about by powerful gales
and crashing waves.


The heroes can sail into the hurricane or try to outrun
it, but magic is required to outrun this storm. Spells
such as gust of wind, wind wall or a conjured air elemental will allow the Ultros to skirt the worst of the hurricane. If the party decides to ride out the storm, one of
the heroes must stay above decks to steer the ship.
Navigating the Storm. The ship is in the hurricane for d4+1 hours. Each hour in the storm, the hero
piloting the ship must make a DC 15 Wisdom (Survival)
check. On a failure, they must make a successful DC
15 Strength (Athletics) check or be swept overboard.
If someone is assisting the pilot, then both characters
must make this check.
Surviving the Hurricane. Being swept overboard is
almost certain death by drowning. However, you have
the option of having the drowning hero be rescued by
mermaids. They will appear after the storm has passed,
carrying the unconscious hero. They will expect some
recompense in the form of jewelry or gems. If the heroes
refuse to pay, then the mermaids drag the ship, cutting
its speed in half for a full day, as a form of petty revenge.
The Eye of the Storm. If the heroes steer the ship
into the storm, they will reach the eye of the storm
after an hour. At the center of the hurricane is Goloron
(CE young empyrean), one of Sydon’s children. He
is talking and cackling to himself, and he is largely
unaware of the storm that he has created. He has been
sent by his father to survey the oceans. He ignores the
heroes, unless they disturb him. If disturbed, Goloron
will furiously question the heroes and demand that
they kneel before him. However, he will not attack
unless provoked.
Appendix F | R a ndom Encounter s

439

Island Turtle




You spot an island on the horizon, but it's nowhere to
be found on any of your maps. Vibrant greenery grows
atop the brown, scale-like rocks of the landmass. A
solitary building hangs over a cliff by the shoreline,
and several small ships are anchored at a nearby dock.
A massive stone outcropping juts up from the end of
the island nearest your ship.




The small building is a trading post run by a guild of
aquatic creatures. The trading post is managed by
Shazum (CN marid) and a tribe of twelve sea elves
(merfolk). The sea elves look unlike anything else in
Thylea, and they claim to be from other worlds than
this one. Each of the sea elves may hail from a different
fantasy world of your choice.
Trading Post. The sea elves’ trading stock is quite
impressive, and they sell all common equipment from
the 5th Edition Player’s Book. All of the weapons and
armor have an exotic look, and the sea elves claim that
they were imported from many different worlds. The
marid has a stock of magical potions for sale:
Trading Post Inventory

440

Currently, a couple of small ships from Aresia are
docked here. Twelve Aresians (LN warrior monks) are
browsing the wares. Their captain (LN martial master)
has no desire for trouble.
The World Turtle. This nomadic island is actually a
huge creature known as “the world turtle.” It is thought
to be an elemental being from the dawn of time that
swims through the deepest oceans of many worlds. The
turtle is also thought to be the mother of all dragon turtles, as parts of its shell are said to break off and become
fully grown dragon turtles. The world turtle will only
stay in the heroes’ world for 1d4 hours before resuming
its eternal journey through all the oceans of the multiverse. When the turtle departs, it fades into a heavy fog,
and the heroes are forced to swim back to their ship.
If the heroes remain here for more than one hour, they
will notice a half-dozen smaller islands nearby where
there were none before. Read the following:




Potion

Cost

Number In Stock

potion of animal friendship

100 gp

8

potion of clairvoyance

1,000 gp

4

potion of gaseous form

1,000 gp

5

potion of healing

25 gp

20

potion of greater healing

100 gp

8

potion of longevity

5,000 gp

4

potion of vitality

2,500 gp

3

potion of water breathing

100 gp

25

Appendix F | R a ndom Encounter s



Looking out to sea, you notice six small islands where
there were none before. Each appears to be a smaller
replica of the main island, hewn from the same brown
rock. A tiny hut, built from various type of pink coral,
stands at the center of one of the islands.


The secondary islands are actually dragon turtles come
to pay respects to their mother before they head back
into the depths of the ocean. All the dragon turtles
ignore the heroes. One of them has a coral outcropping that looks like a dwelling, but it is entirely natural.
Buried within it is a trident of fish command; the coral
has grown up around it over several decades. If the party
investigates the “hut,” they have ten rounds to get the
treasure before the dragon turtle dives under water.
Escaping the Turtle. If characters are on the back of
the small turtle when it dives, they will be swept into a

strong ocean current. They can swim out of the current
with a successful DC15 Strength (Athletics) check. If
they fail, they are swept away with the turtles and lose
consciousness (unless they can breathe water). The lost
hero awakens after 1 hour, on the shore of the closest
island. One of the dragon turtles has gently grabbed the
hero in its mouth and taken him or her to safety.

is offered, the manticores will choose someone on the
deck (most likely a popular NPC) and use their tail
spikes to incapacitate them. One manticore will fly in
to pick up the victim as the necessary sacrifice. The
manticores will retreat as soon as one of their number
has been killed, promising to exact brutal vengeance
on the heroes. It is at your discretion whether they ever
return to take their vengeance.

Kraken




The clear blue skies darken with black storm clouds,
and a strong wind buffets your ship. The waters before
you begin to churn, and waves crash against the ship’s
prow from what appears to be a nascent maelstrom. A
set of whip-like tentacles, each the size of a small boat,
emerge from the choppy waters followed by a huge
reptilian head. The creature’s yellow eyes look upon
you with a fiendish intelligence and malign curiosity.






The heroes have sailed into the domain of a kraken.
It will not strike first, but its tentacles will crawl over
the ship, investigating every inch by touch. The beast
is Sydon’s enemy and, once it learns that the heroes are
also Sydon’s enemies, it will end its apparent hostility.
If attacked, the Kraken uses control weather to
summon a storm. It then rises out of the water and
uses its lightning storm action. It uses its tentacle and
fling actions to attack, but it will not swallow any of
the heroes or crew. While attacking, it communicates
telepathically, demanding to know why the heroes have
trespassed in its realm. It will quickly become clear to
the Kraken that the heroes are enemies of Sydon. Once
it has learned this, it will will sink back into the depths.
If the heroes never mention Sydon, it will stop attacking
after three rounds. The heroes can also offer a sacrifice
worth 1,000 gp to appease the Kraken.

These are barbarians from Indigo Island, and they
are searching for plunder. They are commanded by a
barbarian paragon with 3d12 bandits and 1d4 druids
under his command. They will draw alongside and
attack, showing little fear as they leap aboard the party's
ship. However, if their captain is killed, they will attempt
to withdraw to their own ship and flee.





A scraping noise can be heard coming from the port
side of your ship, and the ship heels over and turns
sharply to port. It seems that you've hit a coral reef and
run aground. None of the sailors saw any indication
that the reef was there. Fortunately, the coral has not
pierced the ship’s hull—but you appear to be stuck.




The screeches of six monstrous flying creatures above
your ship interrupt an otherwise peaceful day. Great
feline beasts circle overhead on scaly reptilian wings.
Uncanny, human-like faces protrude from wild manes
edged with barbed quills. When they see that you have
noticed them, their howls morph into malicious insults,
delivered in perfect common speech.

The six manticores will stay at least 200 feet away
from the ship and taunt anyone they can see. They
will then demand a living sacrifice to Sydon. Any large
animal will do, but they don’t explain that detail: don’t
correct players thinking that a human sacrifice is
required if they leap to that conclusion. If no sacrifice



Reef

Manticores





An imposing ship sails in your direction, flying a bloody
red flag emblazoned with a ram's skull. As the ship
draws closer, you can see a motley crew on its deck.
The crew includes heavily-tattooed humans, elves,
dwarves, and halflings brandishing steel weapons.





Pirates!





The only way to get the ship unstuck is to use magic or
to push the ship until it is free of the reef. It takes a combined Strength of 40 to push the ship off of the reef. It
takes 10 rounds to push the ship free. Each round, those
pushing the ship must make DC 15 Strength saving
throws or slip on the sharp coral. Anyone who slips
takes 1 point of damage, but more importantly, they
start bleeding into the water.
Shark Attack. One round after someone bleeds into
the water, fins can be seen breaking the waves: sharks!
There will be one reef shark per bleeding character.
Fortunately, the sharks are too big to swim into the shallow waters of the reef. However, five rounds later, a tribe
of six merrow attack. The merrow use their harpoons to
drag any character they strike into deeper water where
the reef sharks can reach them. There is one reef shark
for each character dragged from the reef. The merrow
attacks continue until they have succeeded in killing one
character, or for three rounds after the ship is freed.
Appendix F | R a ndom Encounter s

441

Roc


Shallow Sea




A distant speck appears in the sky above the horizon.
You recognize the silhouette of a flying bird, but this
one appears to be enormous in size. As it draws closer,
your entire ship is cast into shadow. The gargantuan
creature begins circling the ship as it slowly descends.
The powerful downdraft from its massive wings makes
it challenging to stand upright on the deck.


Your ship sails into waters that are curiously transparent, and the white sand of the seabed is clearly visible.
As you sail on, the sea grows shallower and you notice
what appears to be a dense coral forest. However, a
closer look reveals that the colorful forest below your
keel is an undersea village of some kind. Merfolk wave
up at your ship in welcome.


The roc is from Aerie of the Roc in the Forgotten Sea. It
is hunting for food for its young. It swoops down and
tries to snatch up a character from the deck. It will make
three attempts before giving up. Leaving any large sacrificial animal on deck as a target will attract its attention,
and it will gladly take such a sacrifice. If it does manage
to grapple one of the crew, it will carry the victim
back to its nest to feed its chicks. The victim has three
attempts to escape the grapple, requiring a successful
DC 15 Strength saving throw. The victim takes 2d6
damage from falling into the sea.
The Roc's Nest. Any character who is taken back
to the nest will be dumped in front of the roc’s three
chicks. The roc will fly off, leaving the victim for its
chicks to tear apart and devour. The chicks have the
statistics of giant vultures with no fly speed.
The Aerie of the Roc
The heroes should be encouraged to sail after the roc
to rescue their shipmate. They can follow the giant bird
instead of using the Antikythera to navigate.

Sea of Gore




Your ship sails into a patch of deep crimson water that
stretches on as far as the eye can see. Gory chunks
of sea creatures, as well as the occasional humanoid
corpse, float in the waves. Worse than the sight of all
the carnage is the pervasive stench of rotting flesh, and
the coppery tang of blood.




The gore-filled bloody water is a patch of sea about a mile
across. There are half-eaten whales, sharks, dolphins, and
even merfolk. Anyone sailing towards the middle of the
area will find that the water becomes increasingly shallow,
and the sea bottom is only about 20 feet down. This central
lump in the seabed is the nesting ground of a dreadful
hydra. It eventually rises to the surface and attacks
everyone who is on deck. This hydra is far bigger than
most, with seven heads and maximum hit points. It can be
distracted for 1 round by feeding it a sacrificial animal, but
three full rounds are required to escape from the creature.
442

Appendix F | R a ndom Encounter s







The merfolk are very curious about the party and their
crew. Some of them swim to the surface to greet the
party and invite them down into their village.
All of the merfolk have the amphibious trait and swim
speed of 40 ft. A mermaid named Iolaah (CG merfolk
druid) asks questions about the party's origins and purpose in this part of the ocean. If the heroes reveal their
quest, Iolaah will become very interested and will want
to take them to meet her father, Hywin.
Hywin (NG merfolk archmage) resides in a beautiful
translucent coral sphere. He is an enemy of Sydon, and
he is willing to help anyone who opposes the Titan. He
knows the entire history of Sydon and Lutheria and is
willing to tell the tale. Afterwards, he breaks off a piece
of coral for each character that has come to see him.
These simultaneously act as potions of waterbreathing
and heroism on anyone who swallows them. He wishes
the party well on their quest.
Iolaah wishes to accompany the characters, but Hywin
will forbid it. He tells the characters that Iolaah is impetuous and young and not ready for such an adventure. An
hour after the ship sails away from the merfolk, a single
dolphin swims alongside the ship. It transforms into
Iolaah. She climbs aboard the ship and asks to accompany the heroes on their quest.
If the party refuses, she will be disappointed and she
returns home safely. Otherwise, she joins the party on
their quest. Iolaah is extraordinarily reckless in battle
and unlikely to survive for very long. If she dies during
the quest, Hywin will hold the party responsible. He
may seek vengeance upon the heroes later.
Iolaah's Statistics
Iolaah has the statistics of a druid, but she has the additional power to shapeshift:
Shapechanger. Iolaah can use her action to polymorph
herself into a human or a dolphin. Her statistics are
the same in each form, but she loses her swim speed in
human form. She can use another action to return to her
merfolk form.

Sirens




A small, half-wrecked boat approaches your ship. Three
voluptuous, barely-clothed young women stand in
the boat, their features obscured by long, luminous
hair. Upon noticing your party, they begin to sing an
entrancing song—an invitation to join them.


interfere. Hergeron will disengage and escape after three
rounds of combat, and the Kraken will sink beneath the
waves. If the heroes attempt to interfere, the Kraken will
rise from the deep after a moment or two and attack for
1 round before sinking out of sight again. This attack is
intended as a warning and a demonstration of its power.

Whale Pod




These creatures are actually a coven of sea hags. They
use magic to take the form of whatever creature is most
alluring to your players—for example, they might be
handsome men instead of voluptuous women.
The hags have a different spell selection from a
normal coven:

• 1st level (4 slots): ray of sickness, shield
• 2nd level (3 slots): hold person, locate object
• 3rd level (3 slots): bestow curse, counterspell,



lightning bolt

Whale Corpse

The hags cast their mass suggestion spell in the form
of a song. It urges all sailors to swim over to them to
enjoy their company. As those affected swim closer, they
quickly realize that the creatures aren’t quite as beautiful
as they initially seemed. They have shapely bodies, but
their faces have warts, their hair is greasy and thin, and
their finger nails are caked in dirt.
The hags polymorph their victims into crabs and stuff
them into bags. Then they swim over to the ship and
climb aboard while resuming their true forms, so as to
horrify anyone on deck with their horrific appearance.
They then use their death glare and attempt to slaughter
everyone aboard the ship.

Storm and Kraken Battle


A violent storm brews on the horizon, and lightning
flashes in the sky. However, rather than striking down
from the heavens, the lightning crackles along the
surface of the sea. As rain lashes down and the waves
beat against your hull, the source of this the storm
comes into view. A gargantuan, scaled monstrosity
has wrapped itself around an equally enormous giant
that stands knee-deep in the waves. The two creatures
appear to be locked in mortal combat!


The heroes are witnessing a battle between Hergeron
(LE young empyrean) and the Kraken. Hergeron has
been sent by his father, Sydon, to search out the Kraken
and report back, but the creature ambushed him.
Neither combatant will pay any attention to the party
unless they mount some kind of attack or otherwise



The whales are no threat to the party. After breathing on
the surface for a few moments, they dive back down into
the depths and continue on their way. Any attempt to
attack them simply drives them away immediately.

• 4th level (3 slots): phantasmal killer, polymorph
• 5th level (2 slots): contact other plane, scrying
• 6th level (1 slots): mass suggestion





You feel a low rumble around the ship. Moments later,
a group of large whales breach the surface of the
water. The whales have with razor-sharp teeth, and
one of the creatures has the corpse of a colossal squid
in its jaws. Despite their ferocious appearance, the
creatures show little interest in your ship.







Your nose is suddenly assaulted by the smell of what
might be thousands of rotting fish. Searching the area,
you discover the floating remains of the largest whale
you have ever seen. Sharks circle and gnaw at the
carcass, looking like minnows in comparison to their
enormous meal. The whale’s gullet is torn open, and
something metallic gleams from inside it.




There are six hunter sharks in the water, one of which is
an extra-large giant shark with maximum hit points, and
it always does maximum damage with its bite attacks. It
circles in the darkness below and has advantage on Hide
checks. It attacks anyone who comes into the water.
The glimmering object inside the way appears to
be a human corpse wearing a magical breastplate, the
equivalent of mariner’s armor. One of the sharks ripping into the whale shifts the “corpse” so that it is no
longer visible. If someone swims over to the whale carcass to search for the corpse they will find that it isn’t a
corpse, but an old man named Aegis (LN veteran). He
claims to have been living inside the whale for years. If
the party is willing to take him onboard, he will fight
alongside them. Aegis tells all sorts of tall tales about
Thylea, most of which are of his own invention.

Whirlpool
This is Charybdis, the legendary whirlpool. Somehow,
the heroes have wandered off course and into the most
dangerous part of the Forgotten Sea. Refer to the section
on Charybdis in the Forgotten Sea chapter for details.
Appendix F | R a ndom Encounter s

443

Appendix G: Treasures
This section describes all of the magic items that are
unique to Thylea, including legendary treasures such as
the Divine Artifacts.

THE MITHRAL FORGE

If the Forge at the Mithral Mines is reawakened by the
Forgekeeper salamander, it can be used by Volkan to
create new magical items, as long as the necessary components are brought to him.

Mithral Forge Recipes
The following table lists items that may be crafted at
the Mithral Forge. Feel free to add secondary ingredients if you wish to give your players an additional
challenge in collecting materials. For example, winged
boots might also require feathers or blood from at least
one type of fantastical flying creature (bird feathers or
blood would not suffice).
Mithral Forge Recipes
Crafted Item

444

Days

Cost (gp)

Primary Ingredient(s)

Secondary Ingredient(s)

Amulet of Health

5

200

—

—

Boots of Levitation

5

200

golden fleece

—

Dragon Scale Mail

10

200

dragon scales

—

Golden Apple

5

1,000

eternal apple

—

Zephyr lute

1

50

nymph hair string

—

Euros lyre

2

100

nymph hair string

—

Boreal harp

4

200

nymph hair strings x2

—

Notos Kithara

6

500

nymph hair strings x2

orb of star metal

Javelin of Lightning

1

100

orb of star metal

—

Mithral Chain

5

50

mithral ingot

—

Mithral Weapon +1

5

200

mithral ingot

—

Pegasus Bridle

1

1,000

precious gemstones (2,000 gp)

—

Staff of Healing

5

200

chimera’s goat head

gorgon blood

Trident of Fish Command

5

200

adamantine ingot

gorgon blood

Winged Boots

5

50

golden fleece

—

Crafting Other Items

Crafting with the Mithral Forge

You may also allow the heroes to use the Mithral Forge
to craft magic items using the normal creation costs and
minimum levels (see Game Master's Guide pg. 129).
The forge accelerates the rate at which such items may
be crafted, without increasing the overall cost. Use the
table below to determine the rate at which items may be
crafted. Once an item has been successfully crafted in
this way, the forge must be allowed to rest for one week.

Crafting Modifier

Appendix G | Tr e a sur es

Crafting Speed

Base Speed

25 gp/day

Mithral Forge

+75 gp/day

Volkan assisting

+50 gp/day

Steros assisting

+50 gp/day

TREASURES OF THYLEA
Ambrosia
Wondrous item, legendary (requires attunement)
This painted amphora contains ambrosia: the nectar of
the gods. It resizes itself to fit the hands of the creature
that holds it, and it contains enough ambrosia for six
creatures to drink from it. The amphora refills itself at
dawn of each day. Drinking ambrosia has the following
temporary and permanent effects.
Immortality. Drinking ambrosia just once makes you
effectively immortal. You no longer show the physical effects of aging, and you will never die of old age.
However, if you are killed after exceeding the maximum
age of your race, spells can no longer resurrect you.
Fountain of Youth. Each day that you drink ambrosia,
your physical age is reduced by 1d10 years, to a minimum of 13 years. This effect is permanent.
Voice of the Gods. Each day that you drink ambrosia,
your Charisma score increases by 1, to a maximum of
20. If even a single day passes where you don't drink
ambrosia, this effect wears off.
Amulet, Bulla Talisman
Wondrous item, neck
This acorn-shaped golden amulet is engraved with
a winged figure wielding a harp. While wearing this
amulet, if your alignment is good, you have advantage
on saving throws against spells and magical effects cast
by fiends and fey creatures.
Amulet, Lunula Talisman
Wondrous item, neck
This crescent moon-shaped golden amulet is engraved
with beautiful filigree. While wearing this amulet, if
your alignment is good, you have advantage on saving
throws against spells and magical effects cast by aberrations and monstrosities.
Antikythera Device
Wondrous item, legendary (requires attunement)
The Antikythera is a complex construct that acts as a
magical compass. It also has the power to mend damage
to a ship: once per day it can magically repair 50 hit
points of damage to a ship it is aboard.
It uses the constellations to guide its user to islands
in the Cerulean Gulf or Forgotten Sea. Every island
in these seas are associated with a specific constellation. The Antikythera must be used on dry land as the
constant movement of waves makes it impossible to calibrate. When it is calibrated to the proper constellations,
it will show a path that can be used to reach the island
associated with a particular constellation.

Axe of Xander

Axe of Xander
Weapon (greataxe), rare (requires attunement)
This is a sentient, lawful neutral +1 greataxe (Intelligence
14, Wisdom 10, Charisma 10). It has hearing and normal
vision out to a range of 120 feet. It communicates
empathically by transmitting emotion to the creature
carrying or using it.
The axe’s primary purpose is to destroy giants and
titans. When you hit one of those creatures with this
weapon, it deals an extra 3d6 force damage. It also transmits a tremendous sense of satisfaction and wellbeing to
its user when it kills a giant or titan. You may heal 1d6
Hit Points when this happens.
Balm of Invulnerability
Wondrous item, very rare
This ointment is made from the magical herbs that only
grow where titan blood has been spilled. A character
may apply this balm to their entire body to gain resistance to non-magical damage for 1 day. This uses the
entire jar of balm.
Blessed Olive Oil
Wondrous item, uncommon
This amphora of fragrant olive oil has been blessed by the
Mother Goddess. Characters may bathe in this olive oil to
be receive the same effects as a bless spell. Anyone using
the oil must remove their armor and spend one minute
bathing. The oil is consumed in the process.
Breastplate of Mytros
Armor (breastplate), rare (requires attunement)
A character has a +1 bonus to AC and a +1 bonus to
Charisma while wearing this armor. Giants and titans
have disadvantage on their attacks against an opponent
wearing the Breastplate.
Appendix G | Tr e a sur es

445

Chariot of Dawn

Caduceus
When used by a fiend or undead creature, the rod can
be used in the following manner:
Burnished Dragonlord Coin
Wondrous item, very rare

• Cast the create undead spell as a 9th level spell (2 charges)
• Create a vampire spawn from a corpse that has been

This burnished golden coin carries the face of Xander
Huorath on one side, and an engraving of the legendary
ship Ultros on the reverse. The coin emits a faint golden
light. Anyone who possesses a Dragonlord Coin can
understand the Draconic language.

• Restore 100 hit points to an undead or fiend, even if

Caduceus
Wondrous item, legendary (requires attunement)
The Caduceus is a staff that features five dragons
winding around it, with the top featuring two unfolded
dragon wings. The staff was created by the wizard
Damon over five centuries ago. Forged in the primordial
waters of the Nether Sea, the Caduceus was a life-giving
staff with the power to turn the tide against the Titans in
the First War. Damon gave it to the dragonlord named
Karpathos, also known as the Wolf Lord. Karpathos
used the Caduceus to raise the Dragonlords from death
during the First War. But he was seduced by Lutheria
into believing the staff could elevate him to godhood.
Karpathos betrayed his fellow dragonlords and swore an
oath to Lutheria. He later broke the oath at the urging of
his wife and Lutheria transformed him into Thylea’s first
vampire as punishment.
The Caduceus is an item of powerful life giving. In
the hands of a living being it gives the power to heal and
bring back those who have died. However, in the hands
of the fiendish or undead, the Caduceus works in an
entirely different manner.
The Caduceus has 5 charges, which recharge daily
at dawn. When used by a creature that is not a fiend or
undead, they can be used in the following manner:

• Cast the heal spell (1 charge)
• Cast the greater restoration spell (1 charge)
• Cast the resurrection spell (5 charges)
446

Appendix G | Tr e a sur es

drained of blood (1 charge)

they are at 0 hit points (2 charges)

The Caduceus is seemingly indestructible. However, it
can be broken by an empyrean with a CR of 15 or higher.
When the staff is destroyed, the life force of the titan
contained within the Caduceus can be used to raise one
empyrean from death, or it can be used to transform a
creature with divine blood into a young empyrean.
Chariot of Dawn
Wondrous item, legendary (requires attunement)
This chariot is a beautifully decorated artifact made from
bronze. The chariot can only be activated while during
the day in the open air and cannot be used underground
or during night. When activated with its command word,
a team of four golden horses spring into existence to pull
the vehicle. The chariot shines with a painfully radiant
light in a 60 ft. radius. Anyone within that radius other
than the rider takes 4 (1d6) damage.
The chariot has a flying speed of 90 ft. Flying is a
free action, but the horses are difficult to control, and
every round, the chariot rider must use a bonus action
to control the horses. This requires a successful DC 15
Wisdom (Animal Handling) check. Failure means that
the control is lost and the horses will move their full
movement to climb straight up into the sky.
Greatclub of the Cyclopes
Weapon, greatclub, legendary
You gain a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls with this
magic weapon. When you perform a critical hit with this
weapon, your target must succeed on a DC 16 Strength
saving throw or be knocked prone and become stunned
until the end of its next turn.

Game of
Twenty Squares

Crown of Laurels
Wondrous item, very rare (requires attunement)
This crown of enchanted laurel leaves is customarily awarded to the winner of the Great Games. It was
crafted by Vallus, the Queen of Mytros and the Goddess
of Wisdom. When worn, the crown provides +2 to
Wisdom saving throws.
Crown of the Dragonlords
Wondrous item, rare (requires attunement)
If you are a spellcaster (bard, cleric, druid, paladin, ranger,
sorcerer, warlock or wizard), this crown grants you the
ability to prepare the following spells: bond of the dragonlords and dirge of the dragonlords. If you are not a spellcaster, then as long as you wear the crown, you can cast
bond of the dragonlords. Once you cast it, you must finish
a long rest before you can cast it again. The material components are still required for both spells.
Everburning Torch
Wondrous item, uncommon
This bronze torch is enchanted with the continual flame
spell. The pommel of the torch can be twisted to ignite
or douse the flame.
Game of Twenty Squares
Wondrous item, uncommon
The Game of Twenty Squares is more commonly known
as "The Royal Game." The game is considered to be
sacred, and it has been played by gods and mortals since
the dawn of time. Kings sometimes use the game to
resolve disputes that would otherwise result in war.

The game requires two players, and it is played by
moving seven pieces across a board comprising twenty
squares. Dice are rolled to determine how quickly the
pieces can move, and the object of the game is to reach
the end of the twenty-square course before your opponent. This requires a mix of strategy and luck. The game
is protected against magical interference, which prevents cheating with spells such as mage hand.
Magical Wagers. Anything can be wagered on the
outcome of the game—wealth, power, magic, or even the
lives of the two players. Whenever gods play the game,
this wager is enforced by magic woven into the fabric of
the multiverse. Depending upon the nature of the wager,
as many as six rematches may be allowed.
Starting the Game. Two players are required to play
the game. They must agree to their wager beforehand,
and it is customary to cut the thumb and make a 'blood
handshake' before the game begins.
Winning the Game. The game is resolved by making
a series of seven opposed skill checks, which represent
the various strategies that can be used to win the game.
Each opposed skill check to determines the outcome
of a race between two game pieces. The winner of the
game is the player who wins at least four rounds, which
means that it is possible to win in just four rounds.
The Seven Rounds. The seven rounds proceed as a
series of opposed skill checks. The skill checks are made
in this order: Performance, Insight, History, Deception,
Intimidation, Persuasion, Perception. Tied skill checks
must be repeated until one player prevails.

Appendix G | Tr e a sur es

447

Golden Apple
Wondrous item, very rare (requires attunement)
These apples are wrought from solid gold, and are so
beautiful that they inspire immense greed in anyone
who sees them.
On a turn, the owner of a golden apple may use an
action to throw it. Everyone within a 30-foot radius
of where the apple lands must make a DC 18 Wisdom
saving throw. On a failure, they must use their next
turn to move toward the apple and attempt to take it
for themselves. This saving throw is repeated on each
turn if no one has possession of the apple. No other
activities are possible while wanting the golden apple.
Once a creature has taken possession of the apple, they
will spend the next day jealously guarding it. Weaker
creatures, such as bandits or goatlings, may attempt to
run away and hide it from others.

Golden Shield
of Volkan

Glaive of Sydon
Weapon (glaive), legendary (requires attunement)
You gain a +2 bonus to attack and damage rolls with this
magic weapon. Once per turn, when you hit a creature
with this weapon, you may choose to inflict an additional 4d6 lightning damage.
Golden Shield of Volkan
Shield, very rare (requires attunement)
This golden shield has a lion engraved on its front, and
three times per day the user can use a bonus action to cast
the spell thunderwave. The spell will be accompanied by
the mighty roar of a lion and the lion carving will animate.
The severed head of any medium or smaller creature
can be attached to the front of the shield by wedging
it in the lion’s teeth. The user can spend an action to
activate this head and will gain the benefit of one of the
creature’s traits for five rounds. Spellcasting of any kind
will not work. This ability can only be used once per day.
Once used, the head disintegrates into ash.
While holding this shield, the user has advantage on
initiative rolls and Wisdom (Perception) checks. In addition, while holding this shield the user can also understand and speak the Draconic tongue.
Hag’s Loom
Wondrous item, very rare (requires attunement)
This magical loom weighs 1000 pounds and is used to
divine the future. The loom can cast a commune spell

Helm of
Darkness

once per day, but this takes an hour, as the answer must
be woven into cloth made by the loom.
In addition to its divination powers, certain individuals
can also use the loom to create magic items. There is,
however, only a 1% chance for any individual to have this
power. The loom can only be used to weave each of the
magic items on the table below. The person weaving the
magic items must have all of the appropriate components.
The Doomed One also has the power to use this loom.
Once all three items have been woven the loom
becomes non-magical.
Helm of Darkness
Wondrous item, legendary (requires attunement)
Magical darkness spreads from the helmet when it is
worn and fills a 15-foot-radius sphere; the darkness will
even spread around corners. A creature with darkvision
can’t see through the Helm’s darkness, and nonmagical

Items Craftable with Hag's Loom

448

Crafted Item

Days

Cost (gp)

Primary Ingredient

Second Ingredient

Armor of Invulnerability

10

20,000

Golden Lion Hide

Gorgon blood

Cloak of Invisibility

10

20,000

Golden Fleece

Gorgon blood

Robe of the Archmagi

10

20,000

Golden Fleece

Gorgon blood

Appendix G | Tr e a sur es

light will not pierce it. The magical darkness is not dispelled by light from magical effects. The Helm’s wearer,
on the other hand, has darkvision to a range of 60 feet.
This darkvision is not affected by darkness from the
helmet or another source.
Completely covering the helmet with something
opaque blocks the darkness: think of the darkness as
“negative light”.
Horn of Balmytria
Wondrous item, rare (requires attunement)
This horn was fashioned from one of the horns of
Balmytria. It has two command words: one produces
delicious food, along with water and wine, in a sufficient
quantity to keep six Medium-sized creatures well fed for
a day. If wine is drunk from the horn it can sometimes
(at your discretion) induce a deep sleep with dreams
that will reveal possible futures.
The second command word produces a paralyzing,
mercurial vapor. Once per day, you may use an action
to create a cloud within 60 ft. of you. The cloud starts
with a 5 ft. radius, which increases by 5 ft. each round
to a maximum of 30 ft. Any creature that starts its turn
in the mist must make a DC 14 Constitution saving
throw or be paralyzed until the start of its next turn.
Mithral Chakram +1
Weapon, chakram, uncommon
This mithral-forged, bladed circular disc is an unusual
thrown weapon. It glides through the air, slicing through
anything in its path before returning to the thrower.
Attacks made with this weapon have a +1 bonus to
attack and damage rolls. When you miss an attack with
this weapon, you may try the same attack roll against
another creature within 10 feet of the first target.
Mithral Dorata +1
Weapon, spear, uncommon
These mithral-forged spears are designed to be carried
together, with one to be used for throwing and one to be
used for close-quarters combat.
Attacks made with this weapon have a +1 bonus to
attack and damage rolls. You do not suffer disadvantage
on ranged attacks due to enemies in close proximity
when you are wielding this weapon.
Mithral Honorblade +1
Weapon, greatsword, very rare
This oversized, mithral-forged makhaira was designed
by ancient jancan smiths. Although it seems much too
large for a human, the warrior monks of Aresia have
been known to specialize in the use of honorblades.
Attacks made with this weapon have a +1 bonus to
attack and damage rolls. Whenever this magic weapon
hits a creature wielding a non-magical shield, that shield
is instantly destroyed.

Mithral Kopis +1
Weapon, shortsword, uncommon
This mithral-forged, forward-curving shortsword is
heavier along the end of the blade. This gives it more
cutting power than most shortswords.
Attacks made with this weapon have a +1 bonus to
attack and damage rolls. When you make an attack with
this sword, you may choose to have it inflict piercing or
slashing damage.
Mithral Makhaira +1
Weapon, longsword, uncommon
This mithral-forged longsword has a single curved blade
with a flat edge along the top. It is heavier than most
longswords, making it more effective while mounted.
Attacks made with this weapon have a +1 bonus to
attack and damage rolls. When you attack with this
blade while you are mounted, it does an additional d4
slashing damage on hit.
Mithral Xiphos +1
Weapon, dagger, uncommon
This mithral-forged dagger has a straight, leaf-shaped
blade, which is excellent for thrusting and piercing
between shields in phalanx formations.
Attacks made with this weapon have a +1 bonus to
attack and damage rolls. When you make an attack with
this weapon, you ignore any AC that the enemy gains
from wielding a shield.
Instruments of the Muse
Wondrous item, rare (requires attunement by a bard)
These instruments were crafted by the forge god Volkan
for his daughter, Kyrah. Each instrument is simple but
elegant, designed so as not to attract unwanted attention, because the goddess of music loves to travel in
disguise as a common bard. However, when played, the
instruments produce rapturous melodies, owing to the
fact that they are crafted from the hair of nymphs.
The following table lists the spells common to all the
instruments, as well as the spells that are specific to each
instrument. You can use an action to play the instrument and cast one of its spells. Once the instrument
has been used to cast a spell, it can't be used to cast
that spell again until the next dawn. The spells use your
spellcasting ability and spell save DC. When you use the
instrument to cast a spell as a source or as a focus, your
spell save DC is increased by 2.
Instrument

Spells

All

jump, invisibility, levitate

Boreal harp

control weather, conjure animals

Euros lyre

sleep (4th level), counterspell (3rd level)

Notos kithara

zone of truth, magic circle

Zephyr lute

hold person, conjure elemental
Appendix G | Tr e a sur es

449

Palladium
Wondrous item, legendary

Scythe of Lutheria
Weapon (scythe), legendary (requires attunement)

This artifact bestows magical protection upon any city or
ship that enshrines it. Enshrining the Palladium within
a city or ship requires seven days of devoted prayer by a
priest. Sacrifices are sometimes offered to expedite this
process. Once the artifact is enshrined, it bestows its full
protection. However, if the artifact is ever moved by more
than an inch, the protective effects end.
Protected Cities. The city walls have resistance to all
damage types. Siege weapons mounted on the city walls
have advantage on all attacks.
Protected Ships. The ship's hull has resistance to all
damage types. Siege weapons mounted on the deck of
the ship have advantage on all attacks.
Forbiddance. The city is protected by the effects of
the forbiddance spell, preventing teleportation into or
out of the city, as defined by its walls.

Attacks made with this weapon have a +1 bonus to
attack and damage rolls. If critical hit is scored against
a creature that has fewer than 100 hit points, it must
make a DC15 Constitution saving throw or be slain
instantly; constructs and the undead are immune to
this effect. When a creature is slain in this manner, the
user feels a surge of dark pleasure that entices them
to become evil. On the second and subsequent slaying
the user must make a DC15 Charisma saving throw or
their alignment changes to evil. Affiliation to Law or
Chaos is unchanged. Only a wish spell can undo this
alignment change.

Pegasus Bridle
Wondrous item, rare (requires attunement)
This golden bridle may be used to tame a pegasus, so
that the mythical creature may be used as a flying mount.
Once the pegasus has been bridled, it may only be commanded by the character who is attuned to this item.
Potion of Aging
Wondrous item, legendary
This cloudy blue potion was brewed from the blood
of a living god. For each droplet that a creature drinks
from this potion, the creature physically ages by one
year. Creatures with shorter lifespans, such as humans,
should be cautious when drinking this potion.
Brewing the potion is a long process that requires
one droplet of divine blood to be added each year for
many years. Such potions are always designated with the
number of years that it took to brew them. For example,
a potion of aging (25 years) contains 25 droplets.
Pythor’s Hammer
Weapon (warhammer), legendary (requires attunement)
Attacks made with this weapon have a +1 bonus
to attack and damage rolls. Once per day, you may
instantly summon the hammer to your hand from any
distance, and it teleports directly into your grasp. The
hammer’s main purpose is to forge magical weapons and
armor, and if used in such a fashion, the creation time is
halved. Refer to the table below for crafting recipes.

Shortbow of Cupidity
Weapon (shortbow), legendary (requires attunement)
Attacks made with this weapon have a +1 bonus to
attack and damage rolls. Once per day, on a successful
hit, you may force the target to make a DC 14 Wisdom
saving throw. On a failure, the target is charmed by you
for one hour.
The Promethean Fire
Weapon (spear), legendary (requires attunement)
This spear was crafted from the Great Tree of Thylea
and set ablaze with the fires of creation. When attuning
with this item, you may transform it into any martial or
simple weapon of your choice. The new weapon has all
the same magical properties.
Attack Bonus. Attacks made with this weapon have a
+3 bonus to attack and damage rolls. Regardless of the
form that this weapon takes, its damage type is fire.
Radiant Light. The weapon radiates a blazing light
out to 60 feet. This light is sunlight.
Transmutation Spells. The weapon has 5 charges. It
regains 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. Spells
cast from this weapon have a save DC of 17. You can
use this weapon to cast the following spells: awaken (3
charges), fabricate (2 charges), plant growth (2 charges),
stone shape (2 charges).
Titansbane, Blade of Talieus
Weapon (longsword), legendary (requires attunement)
Attacks made with this weapon have a +2 bonus to
attack and damage rolls. When a giant or celestial is hit
by this weapon, the creature takes an extra 2d6 necrotic
damage. Gygans and cyclopes are also affected.

Items Craftable with Pythor's Hammer

450

Crafted Item

Days

Cost (gp)

Primary Ingredient

Second Ingredient

Luck Blade

10

20,000

Any magical sword

orb of star metal

Rod of Lordly Might

10

20,000

Any magical mace

adamantine ingot

Appendix G | Tr e a sur es

Titansbane is sentient and wishes to be returned to
its master. It was forged by Talieus, the ancient titan
who pulls Lutheria’s barge. It was wielded against Sydon
by Hergeron and then lost in the War of the Titans.
Titansbane: The Sentient Weapon
This is the only blade that can cut the bindings that
Lutheria used to sew Talieus’s mouth and eyes shut. If
his bindings are cut, Talieus will immediately stop pulling
Lutheria’s barge, thank the one who helped him, and then
disappear across the horizon of the Nether Sea. He will
entrust the weapon to the one who freed him.

Toga Praetexta
Wondrous item, uncommon
This white, woolen cloth toga has broad purple stripes
along its border, and it drapes fashionably across the
body when worn. It has been purified by priests through
ritual processions and sacrifices on the night of the new
moon. While wearing the toga, you have proficiency
in Charisma saving throws. Additionally, once per day,
when you fail a Charisma check to influence a crowd of
people, you may flourish your toga to impress the crowd
and re-roll that check.
Wheel of Fortune
Wondrous item, legendary
This is a 6-foot-tall bronze wheel that has been set
on a stand so that it can easily be spun. Along the
wheel are inscriptions showing each of Thylea’s major

constellations. At the top of the wheel is the symbol of the
mother goddess, pointing down. When the wheel is spun,
a magical effect occurs depending upon which of the
inscriptions the mother goddess is pointing at. Any effect,
magical or otherwise, that would make the spinning of
the wheel not random removes all of the wheel’s magic
until the dawn of the next day. A creature may only spin
the wheel of fortune once per day (24-hour period). Refer
to the table on the next page for the effects of the wheel.
Xiphos of Slaughter
Weapon (dagger), very rare (requires attunement)
Centuries ago, the Dragonlord Estor Arkelander defeated
a gygan smith in single combat and forced the cyclops
into his service. He demanded that the cyclops forge him
a weapon that would drench all the shores of Thylea in
blood. The gygan complied, crafting this bronze dagger.
Estor anointed the weapon by slaughtering the smith and
his family. The weapon is stained deep red.
You gain a +2 bonus to attack and damage rolls made
with this magic weapon.
Cursed. This dagger is cursed, and becoming attuned
to it extends the curse to you. As long as you remain
cursed, you are unwilling to part with the dagger, keeping it within reach at all times. You also have disadvantage on attack rolls with weapons other than this one.
At the beginning of your turn in combat, you must use
your actions to attack the nearest creature at least once.
If you have multiple possible targets, you attack one at
random. At the end of your turn in combat, if you did
not inflict damage on any creature this turn, you suffer
1d10 psychic damage.
Appendix G | Tr e a sur es

451

Wheel of Fortune Effects

452

d20

Constellation

Effect

1

The Bear

Your Constitution and Intelligence scores increase by 4 for 8 hours.

2

The Gygan

A gygan hero has been sent to kill you. In every battle, there is a cumulative 10% chance that the
gygan hero catches up with you and attacks. He attacks in the second round of the battle and
focuses all of his attacks on you. When the gygan is defeated, this effect ends.

3

The Prisoner

You are banished to an extradimensional maze. At the end of each day you may make an
Intelligence check at DC 15 to escape. In your place, a sacred beast appears beside the wheel.
This beast will, to the best of its abilities, try to accomplish any goals you were working on. You
may choose any beast of a CR equal to or less than your level. The beast has the celestial type.
Your gamemaster can allow you to continue play as this beast until you free yourself from your
maze. When you free yourself, the beast vanishes, and you appear in its place.

4

The Tree

You gain the ability to cast the spell polymorph one time in the next 8 hours. The spell is different in
the following ways. The duration is concentration, up to 1 minute. The new form can only be a treant.

5

The Trickster

You become the center of a zone of wild magic. For the next 8 hours, any spell cast within 30
feet of you has a 25% chance of being replaced by a wild magic surge. The caster rolls on the
Sorcerer’s wild magic chart when this happens.

6

The Bard

Everything you say becomes indescribably funny for the next 8 hours. As an action, you may cast
the spell hideous laughter with no somatic or material components.

7

The Warrior

The Fates have decided that you need to be tested. In every battle, there is a cumulative 10%
chance that all of the enemies focus their attacks upon you until you are rendered unconscious.
This effect ends when the enemies in the battle are defeated.

8

The Centaur

A centaur hero has been sent to make your life miserable. The centaur hero can cast transport
via plants twice per day and it does not have disadvantage when attacking at long range. In every
battle, there is a 50% chance that the centaur hero will show up on the second round at the
maximum range of its longbow and fire arrows at you. It will attack you for 5 rounds and try to
stay at maximum range during that time. At the end of 5 rounds, the centaur will escape by using
transport via plants. This effect ends when the centaur hero is killed.

9

The Queen

Your Charisma and Wisdom scores increase by 4 for 8 hours.

10

The Twins

In every battle, there is a cumulative 10% chance that the enemy creature with the lowest CR is
polymorphed into a cyclops. The polymorph effect lasts for one hour.

11

The Ant

Your size becomes Tiny for the next 8 hours. Everything you are wearing shrinks with you. Your
Strength and Constitution scores are reduced by 6 to a minimum of 3. Your movement score
is halved, rounded down. All of your weapon attacks have a base damage of 1. All of your spell
ranges are halved, rounded down. Creatures have advantage to save against any abilities or spells
that you use. You have advantage on Dexterity (Stealth) checks.

12

The Dragon

You gain a metallic dragon companion for 24 hours. Choose between brass, bronze, copper,
or silver. The dragon is a wyrmling. If you already have a wyrmling (i.e. as an Oath of the
Dragonlord paladin), then your wyrmling becomes a young dragon for 24 hours. If you have a
young dragon, then your young dragon become an adult dragon for 24 hours.

13

The Nymph

Any armor, boots, cloaks, clothes, gloves, helms, or robes (magical or otherwise) that you are
wearing vanish, leaving you naked. These items are returned to you by a nymph 24 hours later.

14

The Spear

Your Strength and Dexterity scores increase by 4 for 8 hours.

15

The Chariot

For 8 hours, you gain the ability to use a bonus action to take the Dash action.

16

The Blacksmith

You gain a +2 bonus to your Armor Class for 8 hours.

17

The Titan

You gain the ability to cast the spell polymorph one time in the next 8 hours. The spell is different
in the following ways. The duration is concentration, up to 1 minute. The new form can only be a
storm giant.

18

The Dreamer

Your nightmares become reality. Whenever you take a long rest, there is a 10% cumulative chance that
you have a nightmare halfway through the rest. When this happens, a creature materializes before you
and fights to the death. The creature is determined by your level. 1-4: harpy, 5-8: gorgon, 9-12: hydra,
13+: Cerberus. This effect ends when the nightmare creature is defeated.

19

Empty

The wheel of fortune vanishes, reappearing somewhere else in the world.

20

The Swine

Spin twice for the day.

Appendix G | Tr e a sur es

Appendix H: Dragonlords
Dragonlords are a significant part of Thylea’s history,
as they were largely responsible for carving a place for
mortals in the Forgotten Land. Before they crossed the
oceans and came to Thylea, the ancient Dragonlords
bonded with some of the most powerful and beautiful
creatures in the multiverse—metallic dragons. Legend
has it that the original Dragonlords stole the ritual
knowledge necessary to create the dragon bond from
an elder draconic entity called Bahamut.
Whenever a Dragonlord rides her companion dragon
into battle, it is a fearsome sight for friends and foe alike.
A single Dragonlord is capable of turning the tide of an
entire battle or breaking the siege of a city. Metallic dragons prefer to use their non-lethal breath weapons when
they engage in battle with fragile mortals, but the will of a
Dragonlord can overcome this natural preference.
In the campaign described in this book, King
Acastus wishes to bring back the ancient Order of the
Dragonlords under his own leadership. However, the
heroes have an opportunity to become Dragonlords
themselves when they discover metallic dragon eggs that
have been hidden throughout the world.

Becoming a Dragonlord
There are several ways for a hero to bond with a dragon.

• Use the item: crown of the dragonlords
• Cast the spell: bond of the dragonlord
• Choose the epic path: The Gifted One
• Choose the epic path: The Vanished One
• Paladin archetype: Oath of the Dragonlord
All of these options require that a hero locate an
unhatched dragon egg and nurture it. Only the Paladin
archetype automatically receives a dragon egg.

Dragon Eggs
In order for a prospective Dragonlord to hatch their
dragon egg, the egg must be kept in conditions that
mirror the nest of its particular subtype of dragon:

• Copper. The egg must be coated in acid. This can be
done with non-magical acid once a day, or by using
spells such as acid splash once a day.
• Brass. The egg must be kept hot. Hot coals work, or
keeping it in a smithy’s furnace, as does using spells
such as fire bolt.
• Bronze.The egg must be exposed to the sky for 12
hours a day or suffused with electricity once a day.
The shocking grasp spell could be used.
• Silver. These eggs must be kept cool and dark.
Packing an egg in ice would work, or using a spell
such as ray of frost once an hour.
• Gold. A gold egg must be kept hot, using the same
methods as brass dragon eggs.

A typical dragon egg takes 3d6 days to hatch. When an
egg is not looked after properly, there is a cumulative
10% chance per day that the egg will die. Once this happens, the egg will never hatch. In the event that an egg
dies, it can still be used to create magic items or as part
of magical rituals (see below).
If a prospective Dragonlord wishes to bond with a
dragon, they must be present at the hatching. When
the newborn hatches, the Dragonlord must be the first
living creature that it sees. The Dragonlord must then
cast the spell bond of the dragonlord (or have someone
else cast it, naming both her and the dragon as targets).

Oath of the Dragonlord
The Oath of the Dragonlord is the sacred rite that bonds
a mortal and a dragon together. Swearing this oath
requires a mortal to cast the bond of the dragonlord
spell. During the casting of the spell, the Dragonlord
intones the oath. If a Dragonlord ever breaks the oath,
the bond ends immediately. The oath must be intoned in
the Draconic language, while a magical item is sacrificed. The speaker does not need to know Draconic;
they may be coached by someone who does.
While the Oath is being spoken, the energy from the
magic item is drained and used to bind the Dragonlord
to a newly-hatched wyrmling. The magic item becomes
non-magical and loses its properties.
The Dragonlord must speak the following words and
faithfully obey the rules of the oath. At the end of the
oath, the Dragonlord considers all metallic dragons to be
of his or her bloodline. The speaker of the oath becomes
the dragon's “oathsworn.”
I CANNOT POSSESS YOU,
for you belong to yourself.
I CANNOT COMMAND YOU,
for you are a free creature.
WE SHALL SERVE EACH OTHER
in the ways we both require.
WE WILL INCREASE OUR WEALTH
by righteous means.
WE WILL ACHIEVE HAPPINESS
and harmony through knowledge.
WE WILL AID THOSE OF OUR BLOOD
to achieve their great destinies.
WE WILL AVENGE THOSE OF OUR BLOOD
who have been done harm.
I AM BLOOD OF YOUR BLOOD,
and bone of your bone—forever.
Appendix H | The Dr agonlor ds

453

454

Raising a dragon

Riding a dragon

A metallic dragon is a magnificent creature that requires
time, patience, respect, and care from its Dragonlord.
For its first five years as a wyrmling, it benefits from
having a parental figure, even if that parent isn’t a
dragon. However, once a metallic dragon reaches its
youth, at around 5 or 6 years, it is more intelligent than
all but the most learned scholars and wizards. From this
age onwards, a metallic dragon must decide whether it
will remain with the person it has bonded.
If a Dragonlord does not take proper care of her
wyrmling, then the dragon may turn on her when it
comes of age and flee into the wilderness. A young
metallic dragon can easily survive in the wild, and its
innate goodness means that it will still develop a sense
of right and wrong. However, it might struggle to speak
the Common language, and won’t be as accustomed to
interacting with humanoid races.
In order to strengthen the bond with her dragon, a
Dragonlord must attune to her newborn dragon over the
course of twelve long rests. These rests must be taken
over the course of two weeks. At the end of the attuning
period, the Dragonlord and the dragon have formed
a telepathic bond. This allows them to communicate
telepathically up to a range of 1 mile.
Once a dragon has bonded with a Dragonlord, it can
never bond with another person. If its oathsworn dies in
combat or of old age, then the dragon will leave and lead
a solitary life in the wilderness.

Dragons can be used as mounts by their oathsworn,
but they should never be treated as fancy flying horses.
After all, they are often smarter and wiser than the
mortal who sits on their backs.
The dragon moves and acts on the Dragonlord’s
initiative in combat. The Dragonlord can decide how the
dragon moves and attacks. A dragon cannot use legendary actions while it is being ridden by a Dragonlord,
unless the Dragonlord has some feature that allows an
exception to this rule.
Having a dragon makes long distance travel much
easier. A dragon can fly 10 miles in an hour or 80 miles
in a day. A young dragon can only carry its Dragonlord,
but an adult dragon can carry up to four riders, and an
ancient dragon can carry up to sixteen.

Appendix F | Dr agonlor ds

Dragon Eggs as Components
Dead dragon eggs can be used to create magic items.
They can also be used in certain rituals. Many characters, such as the Five Gods, will not involve themselves
in the creation of magic items that use dragon eggs.
To purposefully allow a dragon egg to die in order to
use it in the creation of a magic item or in a ritual is a sin
of the worst kind. It stains the soul, and no dragon will
ever speak to or acknowledge the presence of anyone
who has done such a thing. In some cases, a less civilized dragon may well attack an egg-murderer.

Peacekeepers of Thylea
Once the heroes become Dragonlords, they will be
expected to serve as the new peacekeepers of Thylea.
This means that they are expected to protect mortal settlements from major threats, recover dangerous magical
artifacts, and intervene in major conflicts.
The original Order of the Dragonlords was nominally
an organization of equals, but in practice, Xander often
took charge and made decisions for the group. If the
heroes become Dragonlords, then they may need to
select a leader who calls the party together and makes
the final decision when action is called for.

Patronizing Settlements
Each hero in the party is likely to inspire the construction of a new settlement somewhere in Thylea. Each
of these settlements starts small, but they can grow in
power if the hero invests in them. If the hero is famous
enough to have shrines or temples dedicated to them,
then they are located in this settlement.
Use the following table as a guideline for how the
cities grow, based on the amount of money that each
hero invests. The soldiers in this settlement can be
called to war when they are needed. For every 25 soldiers, there is also a single captain.
Table of Settlements
Size

Total Investment

Population

Soldiers

Outpost

—

1,000

50

Village

10,000 gp

4,000

100

Town

20,000 gp

8,000

250

City

40,000 gp

16,000

500

The Ancient Order of Dragonlords
There are many legends of the original Dragonlords.
There are few alive now who knew them personally, but
their characters are described in the histories. There were
other Dragonlords aside from these, but they have largely
been forgotten.
Adonis Neurdagon. Adonis was the oathsworn of
Pythor. He was a wealthy, handsome, brave, and generous man who is widely celebrated in the legends. But
his overconfidence eventually got him killed. His dynasty
survives through Taran Neurdagon in the city of Mytros.
Estor Arkelander. Estor Arkelander was the oathsworn
of Kyrah. He was a terrifying man who slaughtered the
armies of the Titans indiscriminately. He sought immortality and was ultimately tricked by Lutheria, who cursed
him to roam the oceans forever as a ghost. King Acastus
of Mytros is the last surviving Arkelander.
Jasena Ventrak. Jasena was the oathsworn of Narsus.
She was a strange and secretive woman who disappeared
during the First War. Damon considers her to be an oathbreaker; she is not honored in the Necropolis of Telamok.
Rizon Phobas. Rizon was the oathsworn of Volkan. She
was a brash warrior who was well-loved by the soldiers
under her command. She was the only Dragonlord to survive the First War, living to a ripe old age. Her last living
descendant is Thericles in the city of Estoria.
Telamok Arkelander. Telamok was the oathsworn of
Vallus. He was Estor's brother, though he did not follow
his brother into the Nether Sea on his final journey.
Instead, he joined Adonis in the last stand against Sydon,
where the two of them were killed. Whether he has any
living descendants is unknown.
Xander Huorath. Xander was the oathsworn of
Balmytria. He was the leader of the Dragonlords, who
essentially founded the Order and led them across the
oceans to the new world. He was killed before the disappearance of the dragons, in 12 DA.
Damon. Damon was a companion of the original
Dragonlords, but he never bonded a dragon. Instead,
he devoted his time and energy to studying the arcane
arts, and he eventually became a lich. He now guards the
tombs of the Dragonlords and protects their legacy.

Starting from you, Xander, I shall relate the tale
of those seven hundred ancient mortals who on the
eve of the Oath answered the call of silver-helmed
Mytros and braved the black-bladed waters of the
merciless Wavemaker... Though you were ten years
gone, taken from us by treachery, still we could feel
your steady hand guiding our ships as we sailed into
darkness and doubt; still we could feel your cleareyed gaze alight with hope.
— From the Xanderiad

455

Appendix I: The Divine Path
Odyssey of the Dragonlords provides heroes with the
means to become gods. Becoming a god requires the
heroes to cast powerful spells, forge mighty artifacts,
and perform great deeds. It is a very difficult process,
but it's achievable for heroes who complete the epic
adventures presented in this book.
The Divine Path focuses entirely on the mechanisms
required to become a god. Once a character becomes a
god, it is assumed that their adventures have come to an
end. True gods no longer live on the mortal plane—they
are occupied with divine responsibilities.
The Divine Path is not for everyone. There are many
heroes who would rather live out normal mortal lives.
These heroes are content with their names being
remembered for thousands of years. Don't force anyone
to become a god unless it's clearly what they want.

STARTING THE PATH

To start down the Divine Path, the heroes must first
complete a ritual that involves three powerful artifacts:

• The Caduceus.
• The Ambrosia.
• The Promethean fire.
These items are the components of a 9th level spell
called theogenesis that is available to clerics, sorcerers,
and wizards.

DIVINE REQUIREMENTS

A hero must meet the following requirements before
being able to ascend to godhood:

• Must be 20th level
• Must possess a divine spark
• Must have a Fame level of 20
Once all of these requirements are met, the hero must
perform a legendary domain feat. These feats vary
depending upon the chosen divine domain.

Legendary Domain Feats
Below are the feats that must be accomplished in order
to ascend to godhood. When the feat is accomplished,
the hero is surrounded by divine energy.
Domain of Death
You must kill creatures whose combined CR value is
100+. This must be accomplished in a single day.
Domain of Knowledge
You must forge a magic item that is at least very rare.

456

Appendix I | The Divine Path

Domain of Life
You must die and be raised from the dead.
Domain of Light
You must destroy an undead creature of CR 15+ in
single combat.
Domain of Nature
You must destroy an aberration or monstrosity of CR
15+ in single combat.
Domain of Tempest
You must land the killing blow on a CR 20+ creature
using thunder or lightning damage.
Domain of Trickery
You must convince a creature of CR 15+ to swear an
oath of service to you, against its better judgment.
Domain of War
You must land the killing blow on any CR 20+ creature.

BECOMING A GOD

When a hero completes his or her legendary domain
feat, the hero becomes immortal and gains powers on a
level similar to the Five Gods. The hero is essentially a
demigod and can remain on the prime material plane.
The hero is unable to grant spells to their followers
until they ascend to true godhood. Meanwhile, the hero
gains the following abilities:

• Divine Attribute. Choose an ability score. This ability
score is increased to 30.

• Immortality. If you die, you return to life at a temple
or shrine dedicated to you of your choice.

• Ascension. At any time, you may choose to ascend to
the heavens and become a lesser god.

• Legendary Resistance (3/Day): If you fail a saving
throw, you can choose to succeed instead.

If the hero decides to ascend, they effectively leave the
mortal plane and become bound to one of the divine
planes of existence. Heroes may choose to delay their
ascension for as long as they please. They might still
have pressing business on the mortal plane.

Divine Responsibilities
When a hero decides to ascend to godhood, they must
retire their character. Gods have responsibilities to
attend to which are beyond the scope of this book.
However, they should become permanent fixtures of the
Thylean pantheon, and future characters may choose
them as a patron god or goddess.

Appendix J: Secrets and Myths
The information in this section is strictly for the GM.
There is much in Thylea that should be strange and
mysterious to the players, even those with native-born
characters. This appendix provides additional background to the world and its history. It is for you to
decide how much of this to reveal to your players. One
way to reveal the legends below is during downtime.
When the party takes a long rest, or during the night at
sea, one of the NPCs (Kyrah, for example) might decide
to tell the heroes one of the old legends, especially if it
relates to an upcoming adventure.

THE HISTORY OF THYLEA
The Legend of Creation
Thylea was of the Old Gods—ancient even when the
world was young. Gentle and generous, she was born
into a time of war and chaos among her kind. Refusing
to take sides in their disputes, she lived her entire life in
contemplative silence, never speaking a single word.
Yet though she was silent, she possessed a powerful resolve that the other Gods sensed and respected.
Even Kentimane of the Hundred Hands—the most
violent and warlike of them all—was drawn to her quiet
strength. She alone of all the Gods could quell his furious temper with her calming spirit.
Eventually, Thylea grew weary of the endless strife
and conflicts. She isolated herself from the other Gods,
seeking respite on the farthest edges of the ocean.
Kentimane—now her lover and protector—followed,
turning his back on war and violence to walk with
Thylea on the path of tranquility.
Alone, the pair were happy for a time. But Thylea still
felt all the pain and suffering in the world like a million
arrows piercing her gentle soul. In time, her joy gave
way to despair until, unable to bear it any longer, she
drowned herself beneath the water.
Yet her death was not a surrender... it was a glorious
sacrifice. Thylea’s body came apart; her head and torso
floating back to the surface to become a chain of virgin
islands. Her heart burst from her chest and transformed
into a great tree rising up from the center of the continent she had birthed. Her limbs sunk to the bottom
of the sea, stretching and twisting into great roots that
connected each island, nurturing the fertile plants and
gentle animals that sprang into being on the islands’
surface.
Kentimane’s grief over his lover’s death was inconsolable. Without Thylea to temper his moods, he succumbed once more to his most violent urges. Screaming
his fury at the heavens, he thrashed and raged in the
oceans around the body of his lover, unleashing terrible
storms and massive tidal waves that threatened to swallow the new-born islands.

Yet even after her death, a part of Thylea’s spirit
remained in the great Heart-Tree at the center of the
islands. She reached out—silent as ever—and brushed
against her mad husband’s mind, soothing his tortured
spirit with a soft caress. Sensing her presence, the
hundred-handed giant transformed his grief into a new
purpose. Binding himself to what was left of his lover
with a solemn vow, Kentimane became the ward and
protector of the islands, taking up an eternal vigil in the
waters around their untouched shores.
Fed by Thylea’s generous spirit—and with Kentimane
keeping the evils of the outside world at bay—life in
the Forgotten Land flourished into a perfect, unspoiled
paradise. And finally, the Goddess who never spoke was
content.

The Birth of the Titans
In the beginning, the islands of Thylea were populated
only by harmless plants and gentle animals—the flora
and fauna a reflection of the nurturing spirit of the
Mother Goddess that sacrificed herself to create them.
A virgin paradise, the Forgotten Land was kept safe from
the perils and evils of the outside world by the giant
Kentimane of the Hundred Hands—Thylea’s lover and
protector. And together, the two were content.
But one day, the tree at the center of the islands—the
transformed heart of the Mother Goddess herself—
blossomed with seven strange fruits. Each the size of a
boulder, they shimmered and pulsed with vibrant, shifting colors, almost as if alive. Seeing the tempting bounty
sprouting from the branches, Kentimane reached from
the ocean and plucked the fruit. His fifty heads gorged
themselves on the succulent flesh, tearing and chewing
until all that remained were seven spike-covered pits,
which he tossed into the ocean.
Instead of sinking, the pits floated on the waves,
bobbing up and down. Offended by their taunting
presence, Kentimane seized each pit in a clenched fist,
squeezing so hard the spikes bit into his flesh and drew
blood. Howling in rage, Kentimane slammed the pits
down beneath the water, burying them deep beneath the
muddy bottom of the ocean floor.
But the next morning the pits floated back up to
the surface. Before Kentimane could seize them again,
the pits burst open and the children of Thylea and
Kentimane sprang forth into existence.
The hundred-handed god stared in wonder at his
offspring: eight Titans born from the fruit of Thylea’s
tree, fertilized by the blood of Kentimane himself. Each
of the first six pits had incubated a single child blessed
with a different attribute drawn from one of their parents: Strength; Beauty; Wisdom; Craft; Prophecy and
Swiftness. As these six Titans grew from children into
adults, they became demi-gods, each representing the
Appendix J | Secr ets a nd My ths

457

aspect of their parents they most embodied.
However, from the seventh pit two Titans were born:
Sydon and Lutheria, twin brother and sister. Sydon
embodied his father’s raging fury, and as he grew he
became the God of Time and the Lord of Storms. His
sister, Lutheria, inherited her mother’s stillness and
calm... but without Thylea’s compassion or gentleness,
she would eventually become the Goddess of Death and
the Lady of Dreams.
But all this was far in the future, and Kentimane did
not foresee what his offspring would one day become.
He could not imagine the strife and suffering the Twins
would bring to the peaceful islands. If he had known,
he might have drowned them on the spot. But instead,
he scooped up his children from the waves—including
Sydon and Lutheria—and placed them gently at the base
of the great Heart-Tree rising up from the center of the
island, where Thylea could watch over them.
Having deposited the children in the warm bosom
of their mother, Kentimane returned to the sea and
resumed his eternal vigil, bound by his sacred vow to
keep Thylea—and now also their children—safe from
the outside world.

The Creation of the Fey Races
For a time the eight children of Thylea and Kentimane
lived quiet and contented lives, sheltered on the islands
spawned from the body of their mother. But, in time,
contentment became loneliness. They were gods, but
they had no purpose.
Talieus, the God of Crafting, first born of the siblings,
gathered his younger brothers and sisters together
and proposed they create races of mortal creatures to
worship and revere them. Of all the Titans, only Sydon
and Lutheria, his youngest siblings, refused: they were
united by the powerful bond, and did not feel the empty
loneliness of their kin.
The other Titans created centaurs, satyrs and nymphs,
who quickly spread to populate the islands. Next, they
created the cyclopes and gygans, great giants capable
of moving earth and stone to build massive temples in
honor of Talieus and the others who had given them life.
Sydon and Lutheria regarded these new mortal races
with contempt. They became bitter and resentful, and
isolated themselves on the last uninhabited island of
Thylea, where their hatred festered.
One day, Lutheria approached Talieus, claiming she
and her twin had grown weary of their solitude. Offering
praise and flattery, she urged him to create a new race,
one greater than all the others, to dwell on her island.
Weakened by his sister’s adulation, Talieus did as he
was bade and the myrmekes were born. An industrious,
insect-like race with a shared hive-mind intelligence, the
myrmekes quickly spread out from their isolated home,
overwhelming and conquering the native species on
nearby islands.
458

Appendix J | Secr ets a nd My ths

The other Titans condemned Talieus for creating such
aggressive and dangerous creatures. Talieus, burning with
parental pride, refused act against his newest children. It
fell to Sydon, the God of Storms, to halt the myrmekes’
advance. As they piled into their ships, he unleashed the
fury of the sea, dashing their vessels to smithereens with
howling winds, drowning them beneath the waves. Even
Sydon could not halt their advance forever. The other
Titans, fearful the myrmekes would continue to spread,
begged their father for help. Moved by the fears of his
children, Kentimane used his hundred hands to gather all
the myrmekes onto a single island. Calling on the strength
of Thylea herself, he bound them there with powerful
magic so they could never leave.
As punishment for his foolishness and pride,
Kentimane stripped Talieus of his power and gave it to
Sydon. Using his older brother’s former power against
him, Sydon bound Talieus and presented him to his
sister and now wife as a gift.
Lutheria took no pity on her helpless elder brother.
She blinded the mighty Titan and sewed his lips shut, so
he could never tell the others the truth of his downfall.
Then she bound his power to her crystal scythe and
forced him to wander eternally in the Nether Sea, dragging her throne-ship across the waves behind him by a
great chain strapped around his neck.
Seeing Talieus’ fate, the other Titans were horrified.
Together they began plotting revenge against the twins,
but Lutheria and Sydon were ready for them.

The War of the Titans
For a time the children of Thylea and Kentimane dwelt
together in peace. But after Lutheria and Sydon enslaved
their eldest brother for creating the myrmekes, the
remaining siblings decided upon revenge.
Hergeron, the second eldest brother and the god of
Strength and Valor, challenged Sydon to a duel, brashly
confident in his own abilities. But Sydon had absorbed
much of the enslaved Talieus’ power, and he easily
bested his challenger. Sydon imprisoned the defeated
Hergeron beneath a great tower, chaining him to so that
the full weight of the building was forever pressing down
on Hergeron’s enormous neck and shoulders.
The remaining four siblings, realizing Sydon had
grown too powerful to challenge directly, decided to
strike at Lutheria. In secret, they traveled to her island
but the Goddess of Death had set a trap for her kin.
Through the ritual sacrifice of a thousand basilisks, she
had created a great pool of poisonous blood at the heart
of her domain. When the invaders set foot upon the
island they triggered wards of power that released the
magic of the foul pool in a lethal burst, instantly turning
three of them to stone. Only Chalcia, the Goddess of
Swiftness, was nimble enough to escape.
Knowing the Twins would come after her, Chalcia
took shelter beneath a massive volcano. There she could

use her speed and quickness to survive in the labyrinth
of tunnels and lava tubes. When Sydon learned of the
failed attack against his sister-wife, his fury knew no
bounds. In a blind rage, he summoned a great storm to
lash all the islands of Thylea, seeking to flood the chambers where Chalcia was hiding.
The storms threatened to wash away Thylea itself,
something that Kentimane would not allow. Kentimane
had stayed neutral in the battles of his children but,
once the safety of all of Thylea became threatened, he
was forced to intervene. Kentimane blunted the storms,
and he forbade Sydon and Lutheria from destroying the
volcano that sheltered their fugitive sister. Sydon was
loathe to let Chalcia escape retribution, but even he was
not strong enough to defy his mighty father. Lutheria,
cunning as ever, knew of another way to get revenge.
Uniting their power, and the power stolen from their
fallen siblings, the Twins reached deep into the foundation of Thylea. They shifted rock and stone, careful
not to disturb the islands above as they sealed off the
tunnels and chambers beneath the volcano one by one.
Chalcia ran from their relentless work, driven ever
deeper beneath the earth. In the end, the elusive Goddess
of Swiftness found herself trapped in a tiny chamber
at the very heart of the volcano itself. With every exit
sealed, the walls slowly closed in tighter and tighter as
burning lava oozed through cracks and crevices in floor
and ceiling. Instead of crushing her, the Twins stopped at
the last instant, entombing their sister for all eternity in a
crypt of searing heat and noxious fumes.

The Arrival of the Dragonlords
Their siblings gone, Sydon and Lutheria ruled supreme
over the lands of Thylea, worshipped and honored
by the gygans, centaurs, nymphs and other fey. Ages

passed, and the dead Titans were forgotten by the children they had created. As far as history remembered,
the Twin Titans were the authors of all.
But the remote continent birthed from their mother
could not remain hidden forever. As the centuries
passed, the so-called civilized races, humans, elves,
dwarves and their like, began to stumble across the
islands at the far reaches of the Forgotten Sea. The first
to arrive were refugees and castaways, survivors of ships
gone astray. Half-drowned, they crawled onto island
shores and carved out a meager existence among the
native fey races.
Sydon ignored these newcomers. They were too weak
and pathetic to acknowledge. Lutheria found something
compelling in their nature. When others came, the
explorers and settlers, she stayed Sydon’s fury and allowed
them to land safely so she could study these strange folk.
As their numbers grew, the civilized races established
small villages along the coasts. Bit by bit, they spread
across the islands of Thylea, until their numbers brought
them into conflict with the original inhabitants.
At first, the civilized races suffered losses whenever they encountered the fey folk. They had neither
the strength nor numbers to challenge the gygans or
centaurs in battle. They lacked the power to resist the
magic tricks and temptations of the nymphs, dryads
and satyrs. Everything changed with the arrival of the
Dragonlords, a band of heroes who fought astride great
winged mounts.
Their leader was Xander Huorath, with his mighty
silver dragon, Balmytria. The second in command,
Xander’s chief rival, was Rizon Phobas, who rode
Balmytria’s mate, a great bronze dragon. Joining them
were Adonis Neurdagon, beautiful and vain; the brothers Telamok and Estor Arkelandor, ruthless and savage
Appendix J | Secr ets a nd My ths

459

warriors; and several others who have since been
forgotten. Each warrior was oathsworn to a dragon, and
together, they were nigh unstoppable in battle.
The arrival of these magnificent creatures stoked
Lutheria’s fascination with the newcomers. The dragons
were unlike anything found in Thylea. At his sister’s
urging, Sydon ignored the pleading of his worshippers
to cleanse Thylea of the invaders. Under the leadership
of the Dragonlords, the civilized races entered an age of
unprecedented expansion.
Villages became towns, and towns grew into great
walled cities. Encounters between the newcomers
and the native races became more frequent, and more
violent. Now the newcomers were winning. The native
races were pushed back, retreating into the unexplored
wilds. Still, out of respect for his sister-wife’s curiosity,
Sydon held his fury in check, just waiting an inevitable
spark that would ignite the fires of all-out war.
He did not have to wait long.

Estor and the First War
Of all the Dragonlords, the brothers Telamok and Estor
Arkelander were the most ruthless and savage. Telamok,
the elder, dreamed of being a great king. He offered his
protection, and that of his dragon, to any who would
swear allegiance to him. He promised a future in which
the so-called civilized species had utter dominance over
Thylea and the fey creatures.
Mortals of all races flocked to his banner. He built
fortresses and walled cities to protect his followers
from attack, the foundation of what would one day
become the great kingdom of Mytros. The ranks of his
armies, under the command of his younger brother
Estor, swelled.
For Telamok, war was merely a tool, a way to build
and secure the future of his people. Estor, however,
cared little for the future. He had no desire to rule or
govern, and his only joy was battle. Most, including his
dragon, thought he was a brave hero, seeking glory. The
truth was far worse, for war was the only way that Estor
could satisfy his bloodlust and cruelty. His victories
on the battlefield meant nothing beyond the chance of
slaughter and carnage.
As Telamok’s kingdom grew, it expanded into gygan
territory. Knowing the one-eyed, six-armed giants
would not welcome outsiders, he commanded Estor
to lead his army against them. In Telamok’s mind, his
brother would break the gygan ranks and force the
giants to bend the knee. Estor, however, had other plans.
Riding on his dragon, he led the charge that routed the
gygans. The giants fought bravely, but were no match for
the Dragonlord and his mount. Once they knew the battle
was lost, they threw down their weapons in surrender.
Estor refused to take prisoners, and refused to parley.
To the horror of his noble dragon mount, he ordered his
troops to massacre every single gygan warrior.
460

Appendix J | Secr ets a nd My ths

The gygan threat was gone, but Estor was not finished. He pushed his soldiers onwards to the towns
where the gygans lived. Their warriors slain, the remainder were now defenseless. Estor’s dragon begged him
to show mercy, but he was deaf to her pleas. His army
massacred mothers and children, the old and the infirm.
Only a handful of gygans escaped to warn the other fey
folk of Estor’s atrocities.
The unbridled slaughter revealed Estor’s true nature
and his dragon abandoned him. The consequences of
his actions went much further. Seeing the slaughter,
Lutheria finally recognized the threat the newcomers
posed, and she released Sydon from his vow to not harm
them. With his fury finally unleashed, Sydon gathered a
great army of fey creatures and led them against the civilized races that had butchered the gygans. Sydon meant
to drive the invaders into the sea.
The First War had begun.

The Curse of Estor Arkelander
The atrocities of Estor Arkelander drove his dragon
to abandon him. But even without his mount, Estor
continued his murderous campaign against the native
creatures as the captain of the Ultros, a magical ship
with a crew nearly as savage and bloodthirsty as Estor
himself. The crew of the Ultros ravaged the islands of
Thylea, leaving slaughter in their wake. Sydon threw
everything against the vessel, trying to smash it with
hundred-foot waves or drag it down to the bottom of
the sea. The magic of the Ultros was so powerful even
the God of Storms couldn’t sink it.
With Sydon’s failure, it fell to Lutheria to find a way to
end Estor’s reign of terror. She approached the barbaric
Captain in a dream: if Estor swore to end his massacres
against her children, she would give him and his crew
eternal life by ritual magic. Estor was naturally wary of a
trap, particularly when approached by a naked goddess in his dreams, but he knew that he was safe on the
Ultros. Even the Goddess of Death could not harm him.
Seduced by the Goddess, he woke from his dream and
slit the throats of his officers as a blood sacrifice to begin
her immortality ritual.
Lutheria came to him on a cold wind, swooping in
from void of a moonless night to land on the deck of the
Ultros. The Captain, as Estor now styled himself, was
enchanted by her cold, cruel beauty and lay with the
Goddess to consummate the arrangement. The two were
surrounded by the leering corpses of his butchered men.
As the first rays of sun climbed over the horizon,
Lutheria vanished. The officers that Estor had murdered rose to their feet. Though all knew how Estor had
betrayed them, Lutheria’s ritual bound them to his will.
When they saluted their Captain, Estor let out a great,
roaring laugh. He knew he had been blessed by Lutheria
and would never die.
The blessing of the Goddess of Death soon revealed
its nature as a curse. Estor and his crew could not die,

but they still felt pain: wounds would not kill them,
but neither would they heal. Instead, they festered and
rotted. Age could not touch them, but they felt the
ravages of disease and illness. Lutheria was true to her
word: as the years turned to decades and then centuries,
they did not die. They endured as twisted and disfigured
creatures, trapped in a world between life and death as
they were slowly driven mad.
After centuries of torment, Estor and his crew tried to
break Lutheria’s curse with a second ritual. They sought
the release of death, but the Mistress of Death would
not grant them peace. Their bodies decomposed and fell
away, but their spirits were bound to the Ultros, now a
ship manned by ghosts and doomed to forever sail the
seas of Thylea.

Summoning the New Gods
"Some say that it was the Dragonlords
who summoned the Five Gods. Others say that it
was the silver dragon, Balmytria. So much time has
passed now; the truth may never be known.
—Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine
At the beginning of the First War the civilized peoples
won many victories. Led by the Dragonlords, they rode
roughshod over the armies of the Titans. The children
of Thylea could not stand against the great dragons and
were routed time and time again.
The armies of gygans and centaurs prayed to Sydon
and Lutheria for aid, crying out to the Twins to save
them from extinction. They begged the Titans to destroy
the dragons, so that they could meet the civilized races
in equal strength on the battlefield.
Sydon and Lutheria heard their laments and joined
the struggle. The tide of war turned in favor of the
native races: even a dragon cannot stand against a
Titan. Whenever the dragons took to the skies, Sydon
lashed them with raging winds and blasts of lightning, forcing them to the ground, where they became
vulnerable to the wrath of Lutheria, who assailed them
with her wicked scythe and death magic.
Many dragons were lost, and others fled. But the silver
dragon, Balmytria, knew that Lutheria and Sydon would
eventually find them all. In her final stand against the
tyranny of the Titans, the silver dragon threw herself
heedlessly against them, tearing and clawing, even after
suffering numerous mortal injuries. When at last her
energy was exhausted, she collapsed to the ground dead,
and the Twins spat on her corpse.
Balmytria’s death ripped a hole in the very fabric of
reality that rippled throughout the multiverse. Inspired
by her sacrifice, five celestial beings answered her prayer
and came to Thylea to protect her people. These beings
are known as the Five Gods, who we still worship today:
Mytros, Volkan, Pylor, Vallus and Kyrah.

The Five pledged themselves to protect the civilized
races, restoring the balance of power. In the years that
followed, an uneasy truce was brokered, creating a peace
that has lasted for 500 years.
In any case, this is how the story is usually told...

The Game of the Gods
"They say that truth is often stranger
than fiction, and history is often not quite what it
seems. The silver dragon, Balmytria, was indeed
responsible for the summoning of the Five Gods, but
she did not beckon them down from the heavens.
They were not some foreign, celestial saviors."
—Chondrus, Priest of Lutheria
Balmytria saw that unless the Titans were stopped, they
would destroy all of Thylea. She vowed action.
Knowing that Sydon and Lutheria were proud creatures, Balmytria challenged the Twins to the game of
twenty squares, which is also called the Royal Game.
She summoned them to the island of the Golden Heart,
which is the home of the Mother Goddess herself. They
would play beneath the great tree, with the mother of
the Titans as their sacred witness.
The stakes would be simple: she would wager her life
and the lives of all her kind against the divine power of
the Titans. In this way, the war could be ended.
Lutheria saw the trap right away, but her husband
would not listen. Sydon had never been defeated at the
Royal Game in all his centuries. He accepted Balmytria's
terms, and the game began.
When gods play the game of twenty squares, the
pieces symbolize entire armies, and the fall of the dice
are like the hammers of Fate, drenching the earth with
the blood of those armies. Thousands of soldiers may
live and die by the turn of a single gambit.
Balmytria knew that Sydon had never lost at the Royal
Game. Accordingly, she chose her moves with extreme
care, taking the full time allotted—one rotation of the
stars per turn. And all the while, she was maddeningly
silent. Sydon shouted at her, demanding that she look
him in the eyes, rise to his taunts, or just say anything at
all. He quickly lost patience with the game, rolling the
dice as soon as his turns began, simply to have it over
with. His impatience proved his undoing.
Balmytria won the first game, shattering the Titan's
winning record and his pride. He raised his fists to the
sky and mountains crumbled, so angry was he. But
before his sister-wife could calm him, he had doubled
the stakes and challenged the silver dragon to a rematch.
This continued for five more games. Balmytria
remained patient, neither speaking nor eating even as
a full month passed. Meanwhile, Sydon spiralled into a
wrath such as the world had never seen.
Appendix J | Secr ets a nd My ths

461

Lutheria clawed at her own face, furious with her
husband's idiocy. She could not interfere with the game
directly, for the magic that enforces the game of twenty
squares is woven deep into the fabric of the multiverse.
But she knew that the seventh game was sacred.
"Seventh game takes all," they say. If Sydon could win
the seventh game, then the six previous matches would
mean nothing. The Titans would have their way.
As her husband lost game after game, Lutheria sat
quietly, weaving magic into the dice. Even the greatest
spells in Thylea seemed to have no effect. Desperate,
she began to pour her divine power into the dice. As
the magical energy took hold of the dice, she felt herself
growing weaker—and Sydon began to win. No matter
how carelessly he threw the dice, they delivered victory.
And as the final game drew to a close, it was clear that
Balmytria was about to lose eveything.
Laughing, arrogant, triumphant, the Twin Titans
threw open their mouths and shouted in the face of the
silver dragon, "You are nothing. You are nothing."
But Balmytria only smiled. "I have staked my life on
this game, and you have staked your divine power. You
gave your divine power to win this game, but now I give
my life to match your sacrifice." With this, she plunged
a dagger into her chest, and her blood spilled across the
twenty squares, soaking the enchanted dice.
When Balmytria's blood mixed with the magic of the
dice, the fate of the world was forever altered.
Balmytria knew the dragons could not defeat the
immortal Titans unless they became immortals themselves. That was her plan all along. She never intended
to kill Sydon and Lutheria, for she knew that the Fates
were working against her. Instead, she sought to steal
the divine power of the Titans for her own blood.
As Balmytria's blood drained from her body, the Titans'
divine power replaced it. She ascended into the heavens
as Mytros, the Goddess of Dawn. Her husband became
Volkan, the God of the Forge. Her children became
Vallus, the Goddess of Wisdom; Pythor, the God of Battle;
Narsus, the God of Beauty; and Kyrah, the Goddess of
Music. Together, this new pantheon would turn the tide
of the war completely.
History says the dragons are gone, but that is not
entirely true. The dragons are still here, but they have
been changed into something even greater. Mytros won
the war that could not be won by sacrificing herself and
ensuring a future for all the mortals of Thylea.

The Oath of Peace
"If you desire it, I will tell you the story of
how the Dragonlords were destroyed, and how the
Oath of Peace came to be."
—Kyrah, Poet Laureate of Mytros

462

Appendix J | Secr ets a nd My ths

With the arrival of the Five Gods, the Titans faced
an existential threat. They were badly weakened
from the fighting of the First War, and much of their
divine power had been sapped away. Joined by the
power of the Five Gods, the mortal armies were nigh
unstoppable.
The Dragonlords made their final voyage into the
Forgotten Sea, and great battles were fought over land
and water. Eventually, the centaur armies were broken,
and the gygan armies were all but exterminated. Sydon
and Lutheria had very little left with which they could
fight—but they were still gods.
Lutheria lay claim to the vast underworld of the
Nether Sea, capturing the souls of the dead to make up
for what she had lost. Sydon secured his hold on the
waters of Thylea, generating great storms that battered
the mortal cities into submission. In this way, they
forced a stalemate in the war, with the hope that they
might recover from their losses.
As the Titans consolidated their remaining power,
they struck a revenge blow against the mortal armies.
They hunted down and slaughtered most of the remaining Dragonlords, including Estor Arkelander, the captain
of the Ultros. The true fate of these brave warriors is
largely unrecorded in the histories. In the end, both
sides of the war were threatened with total annihilation.
Finally exhausted, the Titans and the Five Gods met
once more beneath the great tree of the Golden Heart.
They cut their hands and made blood handshakes,
agreeing to a solemn truce for five hundred years. This
agreement became known as the Oath of Peace, and
Mytros, the Goddess of Dawn, sealed the oath with most
of her remaining power.
Damon, the great wizard of the Dragonlords, saw it
done. He carried the scroll of the oath and the bodies
of the fallen Dragonlords back to the city. And then he
disappeared into history.

The Golden Age
Now, the time of mortals had come. The settlement of
Mytros expanded into a great city, and it was protected
by the twin Colossi forged by Volkan—beacons of
civilization on the shores of a wild frontier. New settlers
came from beyond the Forgotten Sea, and the mortal
population of Thylea swelled.
The children of the Dragonlords became kings, and
their dynasties ruled over new cities that sprang up
across the land. As the worship of the Five spread, their
power over the land and oceans grew, until every village
boasted shrines to Volkan and Pythor. The dominion of
Sydon and Lutheria was nearly forgotten.
Five centuries seemed like an eternity to mortals, but
the time now grows near when the Oath of Peace must
finally come to an end.

Appendix K : Handouts
Thylea World Primer
The World of Thylea
Thylea is a small continent surrounded on all sides by
an ocean called the Forgotten Sea. The natives of Thylea
are centaurs, cyclopes, gygans, nymphs, satyrs, and
other fey races. Thousands of human, elven, and dwarven settlers arrived in Thylea five hundred years ago.

• Oaths. Oaths are taken very seriously in Thylea. The
punishments for violating an oath are severe.

• Curses. Breaking oaths or violating the laws of Thylea
may cause you to be afflicted by dreadful curses.
• Natives. Centaurs, satyrs, nymphs, and other native
races live and work alongside the settler races. The
peace with their many tribes is precarious.

the land in mortal guise. They forced the Titans into a
temporary truce, called the Oath of Peace.

• Kyrah, Goddess of Music
• Mytros, Goddess of Dawn
• Pythor, God of Battle
• Vallus, Goddess of Wisdom
• Volkan, God of the Forge

The Oath of Peace
The Oath of Peace has prevented open warfare with
the Titans for five hundred years. But now, the truce
is ending. The power of the Five Gods wanes, and the
Titans prepare to wage war upon mortals once again.

The Titans

The Oracle's Prophecy

Thylea is named after the mother goddess who watches
over the continent. She and her husband, Kentimane the
Hundred Handed, bore many children. These ancient
gods form a pantheon called “the Titans.” The two most
powerful of their children are:

The Oracle is a water nymph named Versi. She is
Thylea's most famous prophet, and she has recently had
a terrifying vision of the future. She has called for a band
of mortal heroes to join together to confront the Titans.

Sydon, Lord of Storms
Sydon is the ancient Titan who once ruled over Thylea,
long before the arrival of mortals. He seeks to dominate
the land once again—to be worshipped by all mortals.
He controls all the waters of Thylea, including the
weather, and sacrifices must be offered to him daily.

The Mortal Kingdoms
There are three major kingdoms in Thylea.

Lutheria, Mistress of Death
Lutheria is the sister-wife of Sydon. She has dominion
over the underworld, and she seeks to corrupt mortals
and capture their souls for her own amusement. In spite
of this, she is honored by frequent sacrifices and wine
festivals throughout the land.

The Dragonlords
For many ages, Thylea was a wilderness of centaurs,
satyrs, cyclopes, and other creatures who worshipped
the Titans. Mortals who came to Thylea lived in small,
defenseless tribes—until the arrival of the Dragonlords.
The Dragonlords were an order of heroic, dragon-riding mortals who came to Thylea five centuries ago. They
initiated the First War against the Titans and defeated
their armies. Most of the Dragonlords and their dragons
were killed during this conflict.

The Five Gods
When all seemed lost, the mortals of Thylea were saved
by the sudden appearance of the Five Gods, who walked

The City of Mytros
The kingdom of Mytros was the first kingdom founded
by the Dragonlords. It is the largest city in all of Thylea
and the center of commerce, religion, and politics. The
ruler of Mytros is King Acastus, one of the last descendants of the Dragonlords.
The City of Estoria
Estoria is an ancient stronghold that has resisted centuries of attacks by centaurs, cyclopes, manticores, and
other dangers which thrive in the steppes. The ruler of
Estoria is King Pythor, the God of Battle.
The City of Aresia
The kingdom of Aresia has long been a rival to the
kingdom of Mytros. The two cities have been engaged
in dozens of wars over the last several hundred years,
which are collectively known as the Aresian campaigns.
The ruler of Aresia is Queen Helen.

Who Am I?
You are one of the heroes who has been called by the
Oracle's prophecy to save the world from the tyranny
of the Titans. Whatever your personal background, you
know that you are destined for greatness.

Appendix H | H a ndouts

463

The Prophecy of the Oracle
You warriors who stand here gathered will be tested.
The Fates have revealed three great tasks that must be accomplished
before you are ready to sail into the three seas and face the Titans.
You must shape the silver fires of the lost forge
in order to craft the tools that you will need.
You must claim the mighty weapons wielded
against the Titans by the first Dragonlord.
And you must drink deep from the bottomless
dragon horn, for it will reveal a vision that I cannot see.
But woe unto thee, for I have seen the end of all things.
My father’s anger cannot be quelled, and his sister schemes even now.
Your quest may yet fail and, if it should, the sky will rain black fire,
and the doom of Thylea will come.

The Vision from
the Horn of Balmytria
You are standing on the deck of a beautiful galley. A bright cerulean sea
stretches out before you. You look down at a strange bronze device in
your hands. It seems to reflect the constellations of the night sky, even
though the sun shines brightly overhead. The oarsmen pull the ship
through the water faster than you thought possible. You look down
at the men on the benches. They meet your gaze with dead eyes and
skeletal faces—dozens of leering corpses. You are startled awake.

464

Appendix H | H a ndouts

Chapter 1: Letter from Sydon

HELEKA... I BID YOU NOW MAKE GOOD UPON THE OATH
OF SERVICE THAT ONCE YOU SWORE ME. YOU KNOW THE
SECRET WAYS THROUGH THE FORGOTTEN SEA TO THE
CAVE WHERE MY DAUGHTER DWELLS. FIND HER AND BRING
HER TO PRAXYS UNHARMED, AND I WILL RELEASE YOU
FROM YOUR OATH.
- SYDON, LORD OF ALL

Chapter 4: Letter From Aesop

Hail to the Oracle's Chosen Ones!
As the keeper of the Dragon Shrine, I have a favor to ask of you. Many
believe that all the dragons of Balmytria's brood were killed alongside her in
the First War, five hundred years ago. However, my research indicates that the
other four dragons may have been captured by the Titans. If this is true, then
they must be found and rescued.
I beg you to be watchful on your journey. As the Oracle's chosen few, I
believe that these dragons would serve you, so long as you hold to the ideals of
their former masters. May the Fates guide you,
—Aesop, Keeper of the Dragon Shrine

Appendix H | H a ndouts

465

Chapter 5: Letter from Gaius

Divine Sydon, Lord of All—
We have received thy orders, and we seek to execute them faithfully.
We are overjoyed to hear that thy fleets have been readied for the
invasion. Little time remains to the accursed Oath, and the simpering
masses of Mytros will soon prostrate themselves at thy glorious feet,
as is right and proper.
We have but one concern, and that is the continued presence of
the horned mage, Lutheria's pet. He does not participate in our daily
sacrifices, and my men do not trust him. Can he not be dismissed?
—Thy eternal servant, Gaius

Chapter 5: Letter from Chondrus

Divine Lutheria, Mistress of Death—
The demon in the bowl has told me much about the creatures
imprisoned in the cubes of the Nether Sea. This knowledge
will be useful to thee, I am certain.
Seeking always to satisfy thy desire, I have faithfully
rendered seven years of service to thy insipid husband and
his sycophantic followers. What more must I do to once
again earn my place at thy rapturous feet?
—Thy eternal servant, Chondrus

466

Appendix H | H a ndouts

With Special Thanks To
Gold Medalists
The Massey Family, 32Stories, Zachary Aab, Gunnar Aadland, Aaron Epstein,
Brad Absher, Adam Barnes, Adam Naylor, Adam Paciorek, Adam Toulmin, Caitlin
Adams, Grant Adams, Quinn Adams, Addam Nemo, Daniel Adezio, Hunter
Adkins, Afrasastrasz, Agathos, Todd Agthe, Giovanni Aguilar, Maximino Aguilar,
Rob Aguilar, Patricio Aguilera, Safi Ahmed, Sean Aicher, Ross Aitken, Valerian
Akselrod, Zaan Akubi, Raymond Albright, Sean Alchorn, Adam C. Alderson, Jose
Manuel Aleixandre, Alejandro González, Marc Alemany, Alex Kaminski, Eliot
Alexander, Maximus Alexander, Skyler Alexandre, Neil Allain, Allan Gibb, Bradlee
Allen, David Allen, Sebastian Allen, Tim Allen, Mark Allen, Zac Allor, Stephen
Almasy, Abdullah Alomani, Dakota Althen, Alex Altman, Sarah Altree, Phillip
Alvarado, Steven Alvarez, Todd Amick, Nathan Amor, Ams Yarrick, Amzoiu
Florin, Anastasios Okuonghae, Dean Andersen, Frederik Andersen, Adam
Anderson, Gregg Anderson, Jason Anderson, Kateri Anderson, Michael
Anderson, Phil & Marion Anderson, Thor Anderson, Alexander Anderson,
Andreas Renn, Stuart Andrews, Andrieu Joffrey Pelagius, Andrzej Krakowian,
Andy Lewis, Andy Newman, Hernán Anlló, Will Ansell, Joshua Anstaett, Anthony
Casillas, Robin Antwine, Kyle Appelt, David Aragao, Jackie Aragon, Tatyana de
Almeida Araujo, Xavier Arbelo, Drake Arbuthnot, Adrian Arduini, Serge Arese,
Arielessar, Aristophanes, Nicholas Arleas, Avery Armstrong, Jacquelyn
Armstrong, Rachel Armstrong, Will Armstrong, Nicholas Arnaud, Dominique
Arnold, Aron Kearney, Samuel Arsenault, Arthur Turner, Arthur.Yu, Heru Asatru,
Thomas Ascenio, Ash Monogue, Brandon Ashcraft, Andrew Ashford, Ashran
Firebrand, Peter Ashton, Addison Ashton-Boyd, James Askins, Tom Asmussen,
Saul Asoyuf, grabber ass, Bryan Jason Atienza, Alyce Atkins, Evie Atmore, Joaquin
Atwood-Ward, Austin Walter, Austyn Jones, Jerry Autieri, Jon Avery, Danny
Awalt Jr., Edgardo Ayala, Pierre Azzi, Jon Christoffer Bach Henningsen, Stefan R
Bachmann, Austin (Ajax027) Backman, Joel Bacon, Eamonn Baeslack, Tyler
Bageris, Zachary Bagnik, Ed Bailey, M. Bailey, Michael Bailey, Brent Baker, Jason
M. Baker, Jens Fannar Baldursson, Baldypat, Dave Ball, David Ball, Nick Ball,
Roderick Ball, Kristof Ballet, Jon Ballew, Ballieux Mathieu, Garrett Ballow,
Matthew Baltrukonis, Daniel & Black Baluris, Joseph R. Bange, Nick Bardelson,
Chris Barker, Simon Barlow, Wayne Barlow, Colin Barr, Kenny Barras, Dan
Barrett, Bart Smallenburg, Juergen Barters, Giulia Bartolommeoni, Dylan Barton,
Marcus Baseler, Connor Basich, Owen Bass, Raymond Batanian, Edward
Batanian, Torrin Batchelor, Bates Adrian, Richard Bathe, Catherine Bathe, Jaydon
Battersby, Christian Bauerbach, Chris Baughman, Daniel Bauman, Elias Baxter,
James Bays, Thomas Bear, Malcolm Beardmore, Meghann Beardsley, Daniel
Beathalter, Todd Beaubien, Matthew Beaumont, Leo Beavitt, Cody Bech,
August Beck, Paul Beck, Brian Becker, Brian Becker, Hunter Becker, Adam
Beckwith, Michael Bedggood, Nathan Beene, Miles Beeny, Andrew Beesley,
Cody Beeson, Julian Behrens, Youri Bekkouche-Pinot, Eric Belesky, Christopher
A. Bell, David Bell, James Bell, Tristan Bellawala, Bellesia Roberto, William
Belloma, Steve Bellshaw, Matthew Belote, Jordan Beltramo, Peter Bemelmans,
Ben Dyer, Ben Sherman, Hendrik Bender, Joseph Bendickson, Ryan Benham,
Benjamin Bandelow, Benjamin Blevins, Benjamin Hanna, Benjamin Schindewolf,
BenjaminW MoritzT, Adrian Bennett, Chris Bennett, Ryan Benson, Pablo
Bensue, Mathias Berben, Luke Beresford, William Berg Jr, Chris Berger, Kent
Bergeson, Miiles Bergeson, Andreas Bergqvist, Manuel Berrio, Jordan Berry,
Justin Berry, Emmanuel “Eclipsiste” Berthaud, Sarah Besler, Betancourt
Hernández Josué, Phil Betley, Craig BeVier, Thor Biafore, DP Bienvenue, Brady
Biethman, David Bigg, Todd Biggs, Rob Billings, Boone Bingham, Shaelynn
Bingham, Sean Binkley, Chelsea Bishop, Zackary Bittner, Bernharður Bjarnason,
Jordan Blackman, Shahazadei Blackthorne, Sigvalk Blackthorne, Paul Bladon,
Blais Stéphane, Edith Blake, Nathaniel Blakley, Matthew Blanc, Kurt Blanco,
Rudy Blanco, George Bliss, Andrew Block, Joseph Blomquist, Neal Blooflat,
Britnee Bloschichak, Jeremy Blum, Gary Blunt, Montana Bobinski, Sophie
Bodington, Loren Boehm, Moritz Boehm, Jeffrey Boerboom, Jan-Markus Boerm,
Alexis Bogue, Andrew Bogue, Moritz Böhme, Jason Bohon, Pierce Boltin, Paul
Bonamy, Andrew Bonar, Ryan Bonatesta, Chris Bonello, Rosy Bonifacio, Del
Bonner, David Bonney, Joel Bonomini, Alastair Bontein, Sweetness BooBear,
Angelique Bookwalter, John H. Bookwalter Jr., Eric Boone, Jack Booth, Bradley
Borden, Espen Borgen, Codey Borges, Brandon Borman, Jeremy Born, Jay
Boryczko, Hatcher Bose, Stuart Boshier, Andreas Bøttcher, Justin Bouchard,
Chris Boudreau, John Boullion, Adam Bourgeois, William Bouslog, Aurelien
Boutault, Lodewijk Boute, Marcel Bovenschen, James Bovill, Michael Bowen, Ed
Bowen-Carpenter, Luke Bowers, Nathaniel Bowers, Aaron Bowles, Matt
Bowman, Russ Boxley, Breanna Boyd, Craig Boyd, Stephen Boyhont, Brooks
Boylan, Aaron Boyle, Domenic Braccio, Quentin Bracken, Jonathan Bradley,
Nickolas Bradley, David Bradley II, Brady Bryan, Armand Bram, Richard Brand,
Scott Brand, Brandon Taylor, Ruben Brandt, Eric Brann, James Branson, Nathan
Brant, Jacob Brauer, Sebastian Braun, Arthur Braune, Benjamin Bravo, Kevin
Brazel, Bart Breedyk, Brian Koonce, Jared Briault, Natasha Bricker-Lion, Erik
Bridgefarmer, Jim Bridgeman, Bridger Lewis, Samuel Bridges, Kirsch Briel, Cailan
Brinkman, Jeff Brister, Carey Broadbent, Douglas Brod, Jan Brofka-Berends,
Broki, Nick Brooke, Brian Brooks, Damien Brooks, Matthew Brooks, Jeffrey
Brooks, Henry Brouwer, Austin Brown, Bruce Brown, Chris Brown, Curtis Brown,
Dave Brown, Eric Brown, Jacob Brown, JB Brown, Joshua Brown, McKay Brown,

Nicholas Brown, Ricky Brown, Spencer Brown, Zachary Brown, E.Lee Broyles,
Mark W Bruce, Robert Brucks, Haydn Bruder, Justin Brumley, Brun Ernst, Nick
Bruner, Theodore Brunette, John Brunlees, Mathew Bryan, Bryan Considine,
Bryon Broadway, Corey Buchan, April Buchanan, Daniel Buchanan, Scott Buck,
Zachery Buckmaster, Michael Buckner, Kyle Budd, Julius Budlow, Charles Buege,
Carsten and Van Goethem Buesing, Mark Buick, Mykhaylo Bulgakov,
Christopher Bunch, Matt Bunker, Richard Bunt, Brian Burditt, Kevin Burford,
Dakota Burger, Martin Burger, Elwood Burgess, Ellijah Burgos, Huston Burke,
James ‘The Great Old One’ Burke, Seamus Burke, Burkett Brie, Adam Burkhart,
Charlie Burkill, Shaun Burks, Colin Burleson, Dean J. Burnam, Jason and Lindsay
Burnett, Andrew Burns, Brittany & Paul Burns, Michael Burns, Jamie Burrell, Josh
Burrows, Lowell Burton, Brandon Busby, Jack Busby, Justin Bush, Phillip Bush,
Luke Busler, Andrew Bussey, Julien Busson, Gregg Butala Jr., Chris Butari, Eli
Butcher, Cory Butler, Joshua Butler, Gage Butters-Shore, Seán Byrne, Adrian
Bytheway, Bryant Cable, Hubert Cadbury, Samson Caico, John McBride
Cailleachsson, Paul Cairns, Jacob Calder, Kevin Caldwell, Nate Caldwell, Aaron
Call, Travis Callan, Epitacio (Epi) Camacho Jr., David Cameron, Jarrod Camiré,
Paul Campini, Suzene Campos del Toro, Benjamin Canale, Rodrigo Canales,
Tobia Cancelliere, Luciano Cancilla, Sean Cannon, Steve Cansdale, Patrick
Cantrell, Serena Cappellini, Alonso Carbajal Friedrich, Mark Cardenas, George
Cardenas III, Carl Cardozo, Thomas Cardwell, Renee Carignan, Shannon Carl,
Carlo Lingua, Dylan Carlson, Scott Carmody, Parker Carnahan, Kyle Carnaroli,
John Carney, Shawn Carpenter, Frederic-Emel Carpentier, Jay Carr, Giuliano
Matteo Carrara, Sebastian Carraro, Jorge Carrero, Shay Carroll, Michael Cartee,
Jacob Carter, John Carter, Justin Carter, Mickey Carter, William Carter, Finn
Carter-Marsh, Cartos Osunakis Granaxos, Cleston Carvalho, Patrick Cashen,
Devlin Cashman, Tyler Cass, Alejandro Castellanos Pavon, Amanda Casterline,
Joshua Castor, Jolene Catalane, Isaiah Catapang, Kane Cathain, Noah Cattell,
Busby Cavanagh, Todd Cavanaugh, Adam Caverly, Ermes Cellot, Davide Cester,
Niels Ceusters, Brian Chafin, Mathew Chalker, Chad Challman, Jason R.
Chambers, Kristine Chambers, Lareina Chan, James Chandarlis, Shaneen Chang,
Vincent Chang, Chaplet Antoine, Jake Chappelle, Zachary Chappelle, Maxime
Charbonneau, Charles Kirouac, Charles Nadeau, Jack Charlton, Boris Charney,
Jeffrey Chase, Travis Chase, Philip Chau, Thierry Chaucheyras, Vitalis Chavez,
Sameer Chawla, Vassilis Chazapis, Raphael Chenault, Gowan Chenoweth,
Cherrier Gilles, Michael Chestnut, Steven Chevalley, Eddie Chew, Daniel
Childress, Chip Warden, Marty Chodorek, Keng Fatt Chong, Chris Koning, Jesse
Christensen, Ken Christian, Christian A. Nord, Christopher Moran, Christopher
Pickens, E. Chu, James T. Church, Doug Churchman, Marcin Cichon, Walt
Ciechanowski, Sandro Cipiccia, Cody Claassen, Scott Clapp, David Clark, Kelly
Clark, Steven Clark, Thomas Clark, Ben Clarke, Christopher Clarke, Ian Clarke,
Matthew Clarke, Christian Claus, Kyle Claxton, Heather Clay, Phillip Clayburn,
Gordon Clayton, Ben Clemenceau, Michael Clement, Jonathan Clements, James
Cleveland, Tristan Cliff, Tom Cnudde, Jeffrey Cochrane, Antonio Coffee, Kevin
Coffey, Conrad Coffman, Billy Coghill, Christopher Martin Coglan, Jack
Cogswell, David Awesome Cole, Matthew Cole, Jason Coleman, Benjamin
Collett, Alistair Collins, Jay Collins, Ryan Collins, Sarah Collins, Davey Collins,
Rich Collis, Jonathon Collom Valdivia, Colton Cagle, Christopher Comeaux,
Adam Conlan, Jason Conlon, Seán Connell, Austin Conrad, Tim Conway, James
Cook, Jonathan Cook, Robert Cook, Sean Cook, James A. Cook III, Tim Cooke,
Jayce Coombs, Patrick Cooney, Scott Coonrod, James Cooper, Kevin Cooper,
Emily Copeland, Copeland Family, Salem Copty, Vic Corbin, Kullan Cordes,
Corey Giesemann, Arielle Cormier, Jeffrey Cornelissen, Nathon Corner,
Sebastian Correa, Thomas Corrin, Austin Cortez, Timothy Cortez, Wade Cottell,
Justin Cotten, Kassandra Cotto, Andrew Cottrell, David Couch, Tim Couch,
Justin Courtney, Alasdair Coutts, Wout Coveliers, Robert Cowdrey, Matthew
Cowles, Bradly Cozby, Heather Craig, Craig R Thompson, Alexander Crain, Ryan
Cramer, Neil Crampin, Liam Crane, SL Cranfill, Colin Cranston, Andy Crawford,
Dakota Crawford, Jeremy Crawford, Sam Crawley, Jack Crease, Cody and
Chantel Creekmore, Olivier Crémel, Brian Crisp, Steve Crocker, Randy Crockett,
Brendon Croft, Hope Cronin, Jason Crook, Tyler Crook, Phil & Newton Crooks,
Alan Croot, Thomas Cropper, Raymond Cross, Kyle Crosthwaite, John Crothers,
Kelsey Crow, Joshua Crowther, Marc Crozier, Gerard Cruice, Ryan Cullen, Kevin
Culligan, Declan Cummings, Frederick Cundict, Austin Cunillera, Chris
Cunningham, Luke Curnock, Adam Currie, Jordan Curtis, Curtis Drake, Michael
Cusey, Kyle Cutrara, Nicholas Cutrone, Kevin Cyphers, Zbigniew Czekański,
Lucas D., Josef Dabrowski, Jacob Daeda, Amadan Daenaris, Alvyn Daergel,
Daniel Dahill, Lasse Dahl, Kim Dahlin, Ryan Dahlke, William Dahmke, Zachari
Dahran, Jeremy Dake, Gabriel Dale, Jim D’Alessio, Michael D’Amato, Laura
Damon, John d’Andriole, Slayter D’Angelo, Charlie Daniel, Daniel “Welshieone”
Tyler, Daniel Green, Graham Darby, Nicolas Dargère, Darmon Romain,
Johnathan Darnill, Darryn Hughes, Dartamian, Aleksander Dash, Patrick Daste,
Casper Daugaard, Todd Daugherty, icher David, Mark David, David ‘iah’ Basso,
David Auvenshine, David Bailey, David Moreland, David Short, Daniel Davidson,
Ryan Davidson, Brandon Davis, Darren Davis, Deron Davis, Rae Davison, Phil
Dawson, Melvin De Grauw, Mike De Groote, De Muynck. Alex, Lukas De Pauw,
Michael de Plater, De Puysseleyr Mats, Kimberley de Visser, Nick de Wolf, Randy
Dean, Timothy Dean, Dean Goffinet, Alex Deane, Eric Decker, Isaac Deckinger,
Zach DeDionisio, David Defalco, David DeFrain, William DeGendt,

Aaron Delage, Andrew Delaney, Arnaud Delevacque, Chris Delossantos, Alix
DeMarre, Richard deMorris, Scott Dendy, Dan Denette, Daniel Denmon, J.
Eric Dennis, Joseph Dennis, Christopher Denzer, Derek Carnell, Ryan
Dermody, Carlo DeSantis, Philippe Alain Desbois, Tim Deschene, Jade
Deschesne, Jonathan Désilets, Andy W. Desplenter, Nick Detweiler, Jeff
Devlin, Robert DeVoe, Andrew DeVore, Cliff DeWolf, Jason Di Giulio, Eric
Diamond, Charlie Diaz, Rafael Diaz Ruiz, Vincent DiCello, Alexander
Dickinson, Andy Dicks, Gilles Diederich, John Diedrich, Arno Dierick, Shane
Dierikx, Joseph Dietrich, Sebastian Dietz, Nicolas Difurio, Dillon Burke,
Dimitris Titos, Daniel Dingess, Ishan Dionesian, Michael Dirmyer, Dylan
Distasio, Jason Dittmann, Nils Dittmann, Karl Dixon, Zachary Dixon, Marcie
Dobyns, Megan Dodd, Darren Dodd, Tom Dodson, Matthew Dodwell, Adam
Doherty, Don Stewart, Joseph Donahue, Xander Donald, Donald Cowie,
Michael Donley, Donnchadh Gethins, Aaron Donogh, Adam Donovan,
Jackson Donovan, dont want, Hussein Dookhun, P. Dopf, Rafael Dorado, Alex
Doub, Anthony Douglas, Thomas Douglas, Douglas Reilly, John Dover, Cody
Dowell, Drew Down, Downes Ethan, Kolby Doxey, Clint Doyle, Daniel Doyle,
Draconian Axel, Peter Drage, Christopher DragonChemist, Andrew Drake,
Markus Dreibholz, Drekin, Matthew Driver, Droidem, Dylan Drolette, DSH
DSH, Duckworth Thomas, Curtis Dudley, Matthew Dueckman, Albert
Duenas, Lester Duggan, Aaron Duhon, Duhon David, Armand Dulin, Ian
Duncan, Dungeons and dolphins, Joshua Dunham, Russell Dunlap, Philip
Dunn, Ricky Dunn, James Dunning, Jason DuPaul, Juliette Duramé-Le Pivert,
Tyler Durham, Simon Durkin, Leopold Dürrauer, Dustin Denney, Jan Duve,
Duyanh Nguyen, John Dwyer, Val Dychok, Amelia Dyer, Markus Dyka, Chris
Dykty, Dylan Lawless, Sonja-Aurora-Miller Dylan-Azazel-Payne, David E., E.
E., Craig Earl, Howard Earl, Joshuah Earle, William J Earman, Austin Earnest,
Daniel Eastland, Cody Eastlick, Calvin Ebinger, Philip Eckert, Nathanael Eddy,
Jim Edelstein, Edgar Belicena, Lane Edgington, Margaret Edison, Branndon
Edwards, Craig Edwards, Jeremy Edwards, Steve Edwards, William Edwards,
Robert Effinger, Frederick Egan, Matthew Egert, Matthew Eichert, Pascal
Eigenmann, Victor Ekström, El Nota, Bob Elder, Elena Bolton, Eli Fowler,
Edoardo Maria Elidoro, Chris Elizondo, Steve Elliott, Timothy Elliott, Joseph T
Ellis, Andrew Ellison, Ryan Elmore, Emanuel Kaperonis, Thorin Embermage,
Ingrid Emilsson, Roman Emin, Emmanuel Bichet, Natasha and Robert Ence/
Smith, Endosh, Peter Engebos, Claus Engel-Christensen, English Corinne,
Conor Entus, Andrew Epps, Eric Hellickson, Jay Erickson, Adam Ervin, Luis
Escobar, Miguel Escobar, Keith Estanol, Eduard Esvertit, Joel Evaldsson, Evan k
Johnson, Casey Evans, George Evans, Louis Evans, Nathan Evans, Nathan
Evans, Ryan Ricky Evans, William Evans, Joseph Evenson, Luke Everall, Colin
Everill, Dustin Evermore, Aaron Everson, Nathan Everson, Eric Evilsizor, Ben
Fabian, Guillaume Fabre, Kris Fabris, Norman Facko, Steven Fadule, Nicholas
Fagan, Sinead Fahey, Andrew Fairley, Ethan Famous, Brian Fanelli, Chris Farley,
Patrick Farmer, Curran Farnsworth, Usman Farooq, Dreyton Farr, Farsang
Peter, John Faugno, Brett Faulds, Tiffany Faulkner, Irving Faverman, Mac
Fawkes, Félix Le Rouzès, Aaron Felt, Chloe Fenix, Mike Fennell, Aaron
Ferguson, Adam Ferguson, Justin Ferguson, Dominique Ferland, Hugo
Fernandes, Fernando Camargo Pereira, David E. Ferrell, Aaron Fesperman,
Dominik Fiderer, Kyle Field, Jason Fife, Grant Figgins, Alex Figueras, Cory
Finch, Martyn Findley, Matthew Findley, Jonathan Finegold, Jon Finke, Finn
Davidson, Dustin Fischer, Jordan Fischer, Bradley Fisher, Kelly Fisher, Travis
Fisher, Ben Fisher, Kaden Fisk, Aaron Fiske, Kris Fitz, Zachary Fitzgerald, Sean
Fitzgibbon, Glenn Fleetwood, Jacob Flesher, Brenan Flinders, Jacob Flor, James
Flora, Florent Chevalier, Mark Flory, Kristopher Flynn, Danika Foit, Dwayne
Folden, Balazs Foldes, Paul Foley, Randolph Foote, Conrad Forbes, Gregory
Ford, Manuel Forget, Shane Forker, Jon Forrester, Tyler Forrette, Fortin
Christian, Brian Fortunato, Billy Foster, Dustin Foster, Juno FotovatianCalderon, Steve Fotta, Kyle Fotty, Wesley Foults, Michelle Fowler, Paul Fowler,
Sebastian Foxley, Patrick Frady, Chad Frame, Jonathan Francia, Ashley Francis,
Franck Vaquier, Jef Francken, Samantha Francoeur, John Franczyk, Abraham
Frank, Katherine Franklin, Matthew Franklin, Raymond Franklin, Jason
Fransella, James Frantz, Robert Frary, Sarah Fraser, Joe Frataccia, Frederic
Gueho, Randall Frederick, Michael Fredrickson, Cole Freeman, Ricky Freeze,
Antoine Frère, Cory Freshwater, Cody Frick, Carl Friddle, Kenneth Friedrich,
Gabriel Friz-Trillo, Christopher Fronckiewcz, Pete Fry, David Fulford, Layton
Funk, Mark Funkey, Matthew Furbush, Sairah Furness-Ling, Fusco Matteo,
James Futch, David Futterrer, Gabel Gamers, Franc Gabusi, Skyelar Gaddis,
Denis Gagnon, Etienne Gagnon, Manuel Jr Galagarza, Eric Galan, Ronald
Gallant, John Gallaway, Gilly’s Gameroom, Skyland Games, Kraig Gander,
Tobias Gantner, Brittney Garcia, Jeremiah Garcia, Luis Garcia, Brittany
Garcia-Kindl, Ross Gardner, Wes Garrett, Ransley Garrow, Darius Garvin,
Adrian Garza, Robert Gaskins, Eric Gaspar, Christopher Gastle, George Gates,
Janet Gatz, Gauthier Descamps, Nicolas Gavilondo, Michael Gavin, Jacob
Gearhard, Cameron Geary, Bero Gehl, Stuart Gelb, Gene Reyva, Hervé
Gengler, John Gensel, Rhett Gentile, Adam Geoghegan, Daniel George,
George Kaldis, George Poles, George Solter III, Gerard Hoey, Ryan Gerhard,
Germán Sanders, Dominik Gerstacker, Gianni + Josh, Antoine Giasson, Alison
Giavina, Jade Gibbon, Darren Gibbons, Hank T. Gibby, Amanda Gibson, Ryan
Gieg, Trevor Gieser, Jeremy Gilbert, Timothy & Benjamin Gilbert, David Giles,
Shalane Giles, Rob Gill, William Gillaspie, Alexander Gilligan, Frank Gillilan,
Samuel Gilmour, Paolo Giordano, Dawson Gittens, Daniel Glick, Chris
Gliedman, Greg Glomb, Steve G-Longname, Glorft, Liz Gnecco, Jakob Göbel,

JK Goble, Will Godar-Washburn, Andrew L Goddu, Benjamin Godefroy,
Godfrey Samuel, Paul Goehring, Carter Goforth, Matthew Goldade, David
Goldberg, Neil Goldberg, Joseph Golden, Leopold Goldimire, Sean Goldspink,
Jan Goldstein, Jesse Goldstein, Gomiero Bruno, Nir Gonen, Patricio Gonzaga,
Steven Gonzales, Jared Gonzales-Pryor, Corey Gonzalez, Grant Gonzalez, J
Gonzalez, Míchel González, Diana Gonzalez-Tennant, Dylan Good, Jeffrey
Good, Arend Goodwin, Jitse Goossens, Sean & Michal Gorby, Rick Gordan,
Gordon Cranford, Donald Gori, Curt Gould, James Graham, James Graham,
Steven Grajeda, Adam Grant, Jared Gravelle, Joshua Graves, Ashton Gray,
Chris Gray, Henry Gray, Jace Gray, Benn Graybeaton, Gage Greco, Greebo
Froghammer, Skeeter Green, Troy Green, Zachary Green, Mark Greenberg,
Joshua Greenfield, Danny Greening, Martin Greening, Les Greenwood,
Stephen Greenwood, Derrian Greer, Jonathan Greer, Greg Rycerz, Greg Smith,
Nathan Gregg, Raúl Gregori, Kristopher Gremling, Andrew Grenawalt, Richard
Gresham, Alan Greve, Aaron Griffin, Wesley Griffin, Dan Griffith, Donald
Griffith III, Charles Griffiths, Gareth Griffiths, Max Griggs, Cami Grijalba,
Michael Grimes, Linda Gritton, Annemieke Groen, Kasper Grøftehauge,
Grognardi Alessandro, Corey Groh, Harald Grønvall, Michael Grooff, Aaron
Grover, Chellis Grow, Brad Grozier, Juan Guardado-Juarez, Kari Gauti
Gudlaugsson, Santi Güell, Jerry Guiler, David Guiot, Chauncey Gummere,
Mark Gunter, Christian Günther, Guoccamolé, Thad Gutshall, William
Guyaux, Matt H, Brendan Ha, Coby Haas, Dennis Haas, Andrew Hackard,
Chris Hacker, Jim Hackett, Burke Hagen, Lars Idar Hagen, Joseph Hagen, Ryan
Haggerty, Austin Hahn, Andy Hainline, Russell Hale, Aaron Haley, Charles
Haley, Adam Hall, Amy Hall, David Hall, Jeremy Hall, Robert A. Hall, Nick
Hallas, Ryan Hallinan, Tyler Halloran, Rylan Halteman, Jonathan Hambright,
Alexander Hammond, Brett Hamre, Haris Hamzah, Seán Hand, Nathan and
Frances Handley, Alice Hanigan, Rachael Hanigosky, S.W. Hannan, Todd
Hansen, Andrew Hanson, Shane Hanson, Ajay Hanumaiah, Howard
Hardiman, Jon L Harding, Harry Hardman, Stace Harman, Dean Harmon,
Ross Harmston, Tom Harnett, Cally Harper, Henry Harrell, Charles
Harrington, Jacob Harrington, Andrew Harris, Cody Harris, Daniel Harris,
Meghann Harris, Paul Harris, Vic Harris, Derek Harris, Johnathan Harsen,
Jason Hart, Chris Hartford, Rhys Hartles, G. Hartman, Keith E. Hartman,
Linda Hartman, Chrstopher Harton, Jesse Hartung, Benjamin Harvey, Kyle
Harvey, P. J. Harvey, Zach & Garrett Haslam-Dailey, Bryce Hassall, Nicholas
Hasz, AJ Hatch, Jacob Hatfield, Jacki Hathaway, Christina Hatziemmanuel,
Larry Haught, Soren Haurberg, Robert Hausch, Jake Haverkost, Matthew
Havranek, Hunter Hawes, AJ Hawke, Bradley Hawkins, Alan Hawks, Aaron
Hawthorn, Ian Hawthorne, Jen Hay, Keith Hayden, Leon Haydon, Micheal
Haydon, Matthew Hayslep, Chris Hearn, Jonathan Heath, Hector Lee
Heaviside, Max Heerlien, Zacharia Heider, Andrew Heiderscheit, Tommi
Heikkinen, Heikkinen “Valas” Antti, Milo Heimao, Christopher Heinemann,
Frederick Heinzen III, Jonty Heiser, Dane Heisler, Alan Hejl, Maria Hejlek, Dan
Helderman, Grundahl Helland, Carlos Heller, Harald Hellerud, Amr Helmi,
Tyler Helsel, Brent Helt, Brandon Helvie, Amanda Henderson, Michael
Henderson, George Hendricks, Paul Hendricks, Bradford Hendrickson,
BrothersofDeth Hendrickson, Luke Hendriks, Robert Henigan, Andrew Henn,
Chris Henrichs, Job Henrichs, Vilhelm Knud Høyer Henrichsen, Vincent
Henrotte, John Henry, William Henry, Robert Hensch, Bryant Henseler, Jeffrey
Hensley, Michael Hensley, Chris Hepworth, Demma Hergenrather, Jason
Hermanson, David Hern, Christian Hernlem, Mike Herold, Chad Herrmann,
Eli Hershberger, Guillaume Hervouët, Jeremy Hescock, Carlos Hess, Dan
Hess, Mackenzie Hess, Charles Hewitt, Grant Bruce Hewitt, Philip Hewitt II,
Matt Hewson, Russel Hiatt, Kyle Hibbard, Joshua Hibbs, Isaac M. Hicks, Jason
Hicks, Michael Hicks, Shawn Hicks, William Hicks, Paul Higginbotham, Glenn
Higgins, Janosch Hildebrand, Avalonia Hill, Carson Hill, Chris Hill, David Hill,
James Hill, Nate Hill, Tom Hill, Scott Hillier, Andrew Hillis, Charlie Hilton,
Jamie Hilton, Allison Hinds, Derek Hino, Paavo Hirn, Marcus Hirshhorn, Brian
Hirst, Gary Hite, Hjalti Nönnuson, Tyler Hobbs, Lim Hock Leong, Daniel
Hodge, Thomas Hoelgaard, Bryson Hoff, Austin Hoffman, Sam Hoffman,
Christopher Hoffmann, Christopher Hoffmann, James C. Hoffoss, Lutz
Hofmann, James Hogan, Liam Hogg, Adam Holden, Paul Holden, Nicholas
Holder, Nick Holland, Brian Holler, Zack Hollis, Jonathan Holme, Chris
Holmes, Nick Holmes, Zeller Holmes Jr., Lars Eirik Holte, Loricha Honer,
Curtis Hong, Jacob Honigford, Zach Hooven, Ren Hopkins, Ryan Hopkins,
Harry Hopkinson, Kraig Horigan, Tom Horn, Travis Horner, Kevin Horton,
Gabor Horvath, Zachary Host, Tanner Houghton, Alex Houston, Gillian
Houston, Ian Howard, Joshua Howard, Matthew Howard, Clint Howarth,
Andrew Howe, Jon Howe, Kacy Howe, Nick Howe, Joshua Howell, Andrew
Howes, Cathy Hoyt, Edward Hoyt, Robert Hrabi, John Michael Huang, Drew
Hubbard, Paul Hubbard, James Hudeck, Brandon Hudson, The Hugo Huge,
Jeremy Huggins, Adam Huisingh, Grace Hull, William Human, Zachary Hume,
Ryan Hundt, Daniel Hunt, James Hunt, Jonathan Hunt, Mark Hunt, Matthew
Hunt, Hunton Alan, Jacob Huntsberger, Andreas Hürlimann, Cheyne Husch,
Bob Huss, Huston, Justin Huynh, William Huynh, Jeff Hyatt-Steel, Ian Edberg,
Jasmine Ibrahim, The Prophet of Joy Ignatius, Jan Ilisch, Owen Ingoe, Callum
Inkster, Ian Inman, Samuel Inman, Lanfranco Iodice, Domenico Iovino, Robert
Irving, Mark Isenbarger, Itay Rozen, Stanislav Ivanov, Ivens Rutger, Iversen
Kenneth, Brandon Ivey, Sean Izaakse, Jacchia Samuele, David Jack, Jack
Chambers, Jack Hanks Jr, Stephen Jackman, Christy Jackson, Jason Jackson,
Nicholas Jackson, Percy Jackson, Shane Jackson, Jason Jackson, Jade Avicii,

Bram Jager, Jake Dingley, Austin James, Brian R. James, Erskine James, Lee James,
Seth James, Tyler James, Jeffrey Scott James, James Crosley, James Mintoff,
James Vest, Rob Jameson, Chuck Jamison, Travis Jann, Michael Janov, Cas Janse,
Rik Jansen, Franz Janson, Sean Jarnagin, Sam Jarvis, Jason Anderson, Allan
Jawwad, Jean-philippe Labalette, Jeffrey Robbins, Christophe Jegou, Jackson
Jelenic, Jena Sanders, Shaun Jenkins, Niall Jennings, Russell Jennings, Tyler H.
Jensen, Jeremy R Haupt, Jeremy Shore, Francesca Jess, Jessica Renee, Manuel
Jimenez, Alexander Jimmieson, Charles Jinkins, Joe Cruz, Joe Simmonds, Joerg
Diener, Daniel Johansson, Matthew John, John D. Cornelius, John Esk, Carson
Johnson, Christopher Johnson, Haydn Johnson, Jeffrey Johnson, Jim Johnson,
Nicholas Johnson, Samuel Johnson, Taylor Johnson, Topher Johnson, Adam
Johnston, Jon Stein, Øystein Aalstad Jonasson, Jonathan Carl Robb, Jonathan
Everman, Jonathan irizarry, Jonathan St.Pierre, Jonathan Tucker, Aaron Jones,
Adam Jones, Alex Jones, Christopher Jones, Christopher Jones, Cynthia Jones,
Dave Jones, Emma Jones, Evan Jones, Ian Jones, Jason Jones, John M Jones, Ryan
Jones, Ryan Jones, Zechariah Jones, Joran aus den Schatten, Kate Jordan, Jordan
Champion, Jorge Felício, Martin Jorgensen, José Antonio Martín Prieto, Philip
Joseph, Amandine Joseph Foucaud, Joseph Palmer Morales, Josh “Nhardisk”
Williams, Josh Flora, Joshua Anson, Joshua Cashion, Josiah Brown, Pierre-Olivier
Jourdenais, James Juden, Joan Julia Trias, Jeremiah Julian, Julien dutel, Christian
Juliussen, Justin K. Smetters, Keith Justus, Amanda K, M K, Matthew Kaderli,
Joseph Kahrs, Ned Kaida-Yip, Kaitlynn Sims, Stephen Kalmas, Matthew Kammes,
Aaron Lucas Kampmann, Michael Kanaris, Jason Kane, John Kane, Christopher
Kane Dolan, Jørgen Kann, Zachary Kara, Jeremy Karns, Kárpáti András, Aaron
Karper, Kasey Goold, Alessandro Kassapidis, Shirag Kataroyan, Alan Kaufmann,
Rohit Kaushik, Benjamin Kaye, Steven Kazmer, Kyle Kearnes, Luke Kearney,
Jeffery Keddie, Ron Keeler, Therron Keeler, Chad Keen, Scott Kehl, Sebastian
Kehrle, Zeke Keith, Mark Kelada, Henri Kelder, Mike Kelegher, Kory & Braedyn
Keller, Trustin W. Keller, Shawn Kelley, Allison Kelley, Justin Kellogg, Brett Kelly,
Dylan Kemp, Aaron Kempf, Haleh Kendell, James Kennedy, Michael Kennedy,
Kenneth Buchanan, Michael Kenyon, Andrew Kern, Joshua Kerns, Doctor
Kernstock, Tony Kerperien, James Kersey, Kalle Ketonen, Caleb Key, Stewart Key,
Matteo Khan, Roshan Kharbanda, Kia Hellens, Michael Kiely, Courtney Kim,
Tyler Kimbley, Bo Kimbro, Max Kindred, Andrew King, David King, Jacob King,
James King, Leon King, Sean King, Colin Kinnaird, Kiptandori, Damien Kirby,
Aaron Kirk, James Kirk, Shawn Kirk, Brett Kirschbaum, Zane Kite, Robbert Kivit,
Jimmy Kjellström, Nate Klein, Pedro Henrique Klein Braga, Ben Klemme, Julia
Klimmeck, Christopher Klug, Marshall Knauf, Andrew Knight, Derek Knop,
Daniel Knotts, Brent Knowles, Knut Fuhrmann, Benjamin Koch, David Koch,
Evan Koch, Pierce Koch, Matthew Koelling, David Koelsch, Wendy Koewler,
Michael Kohler, Gericke Kohn, Johnathan Kohout, Marco Kolde, Mia Kollia, EJ
Kolonsky, EJ Kong, Karsten König, Joseph Konroy, Lucia Koonings, Josh Korneta,
Karen Korstanje, Andy Korth, Adam Koszela, Drew Kotche, Charalampos
Koundourakis, Krajcar Krešimir, Greg Kremer, Isaac Kretzmer, Eric Krieger,
Robert Krikorian, William Krill, KrishKIV, Dennet Krishnan, Greg Kristensen,
Malthe Kristiansen, Per Olav Kristiansen, Alexander Kristinsson, Kristophor
Collins, Jonathan Kromrey, Lennert Krouwels, Viktor Kruchev, Rob Krueger,
Janusz Kruszewski, Karl Krzyminski, Daniel Kubicek, Marc Kuczborski, Collin
Kuhn, Ken Kuhn, David Kühne, Drew Kuhns, JC Kullmann, Josh Kummerow,
Brandon Kunc, Kristoffer Kundin, K-Wings, Kyle Capps, Hristiyan Kyuchukov,
Bran L, Stephanne L’Hommedieu, Andre Labonte, Athena Labonte, Richard
LaCalamito, Darrel Lacheny, Micah Lacore, Kevin LaCroix, James Lacy, Jesse
Lacy, James Ladd, David C. Lafferty, Cam Laforest, Ching Hin Lai, Leon Lai,
Chelsea Laing, Cody Laing, Michael Laing, Lajeunesse AL, Jason Lamb, Ben
Lambert, Jonathan Lambright, Bruce Lancaster, Brittney Landry, Jason Landry,
Dylan Lands, Jason Landwehr, Larry Lane III, Alexander Lang, Stephen
Langellotti, Alexander Langer, Benjamin Lantrip, Mathieu Lapierre, Mario
Lapointe, Hunter Larabee, James Larew, Guy Edward Larke, Shaughn Larkin,
Tobias Larsen, Andy Larson, Chris Larson, Ethan Larson, Justin LaRue, Rick
LaRue, Diandra Lasrado, László Szabó, Andrew Later, Morgan Laterrade,
Benjamin Latham, Martin Latinov, Jesper Laugesen, James LaValle, Andrew
Lavoie, Brian Lawton, Garrett Lay, Kevin Layne, Le Couriaut “Babass” Sebastien,
Le Foll Alban Philippe, Joseph Le May, François Le Merrer, Le Nevé Stéphane,
Eloane Le Verger, James Leach, Danny Leary, Dmitry Lebedev, Mathieu Leblanc
Cartier, Chad Lee, Jacob Lee, Ted Lee, Lee Dagnall, Lee Devine, Q Leedham,
Robin Lees, James Leesch, Martin Legg, Michael Lehmann, Alexander Leighton,
John Lemay, Muirghein Lemoine, Michelle Lemon, Andrew Lemons, Phillip
Lemons, Loïc Lendemaine, Dave Lens, Aaron Leon, Leon Bjerneling, Aaron
Leonard, Leonard Lee, Miles Leonard-Albert, Edric Leonson, Fred Lepley, Sean
Leslie, Ryan Lesnau, Charles Lester, Keith Lester, Allen Leung, Jack Lewicki, Alec
Lewis, Alex Lewis, David Lewis, John Lewis, John L. Lewis, Ryan Lewis, Tyler
Lewis, Micah Lewis, Elara Liados, Kuoching Liang, Lily Liaw, Erich Lichnock,
Noah Liebman, David J Liles, Ulf Lilienthal, Tessa Lillu, Podolskaya Lily, Joanna
Lind, Russ Linden, Trenton Lindsley, Zachery Lindstrom, Alexander Lindström,
Marc Lindstrøm, James Linford, Bishop Ling, Jared Lipinski, Raymund Lirag,
Lissowski Renaud, Brandon Little, Lance Little, Michael Little, Nathan Litton,
Jonathan Liu, David Liuzzi, Arnaud Liziard, Rafael Llorente Caballero, Lloyd
Coulson, Lobo, Damian Loch, Joseph “Chepe” Lockett, Devin Lockwood,
Matheos Loizou, John Lokker, Lombardi Maxwell, Alexandra Long, Jonathan
Longstaff, Ian Loo, Justin Lopez, Fran Lopez, Lord Dragon, Charles Losee, Louis
Desriaux, Michael Love, Justin Loveless, Travis Lovellette, Russel Lowe, Shawn
Lowe, Jacob Lowey, Kaleb Lowry, Tara Lowry, Alex Lucas, David Lucas,

LUCAS Vincent, Jason Luff, Kyler Luffman, Martin Luftensteiner, Diego Pantera
Lugo, Yans Lugo, Hanneke Luijk, John Luiza, Luke Kay, Robert Lum, Nate
Lundin, Alex Luty, LV, Jonathan Lye, Jordan Lyndell-Lees, Jeremy Lynn, Mark
Lyon, James Lyons, Marcus Lyons, Richard Lyons, M. Graunke, Juan Martin
Maanon, Ben MacAusland, Cameron MacDowell, Quinton Mackie, Scott
Maclachlan, Miranda MacLean, Alexander MacLeod, Gage Madden, Gregory
Maddra, Paul Mader Schramm, Kevin Madison, Lasse Madsen, Chance Maestas,
Diego Magdaleno, Carsten Magerkurth, Simon Magnusson, Wisoot
Mahaboonpachai, Lloyd Major, Chris Majzner, Rich Malach, Andrew Malone,
John Malueg, Pyris Manaburst, Gabriel Manalo, Marn Manders, John Maness,
Nathan Mangan, Joe Manganiello, Robert Manio, Mike Manner, Katie Manon,
Kim Mantas, Matthew Manthey, Cody Mantlow, Gomez Manuel, Brian Manula,
Chris Marcellus, Emiliano Marchetti, Marcin Andrzejczak, Ray Marcum,
Benjamin Margolis, Blayne Maricle, Adam Marinovich, Marius Schuller, Mark
Radwan, Mark Rehill, Scott Markham, Jakub Markowski, Zachary Marks, Jay
Marland, Dwayne Marlowe, Scott Marner, Joe Maroni, Silas Marr, Antonio
Marrai, Pierre-Luc Marsan, Christopher Marshall, Jason Marshall, John R
Marshall, Mike Marshall, Oliver Marshall, Sean Marshall, Tristan Marshall,
Marshall. Josiah, Stefan Martensson, Andre Martin, Dan Martin, Ian Martin,
Jarrett Martin, Joey Martin, Justin Martin, Nick Martin, Sky Martin, Steven
Martin, Thomas Martin, Timothy Martin, Timothy Martin, Zac Martin, Zane
Martin, Martin Rask, Albert Martinez, Luke Martinez, Jeremy Martin-Souza,
Sandy Martinuk, Isaac Marx, Tyler Mascia, Gian Maslog, Bradley Massopust,
Mark Mastre, Mateusz Malarski, Pierce Mathena, Josh Mather, James Mathias,
Jeff Matick, J. Michael Matkin, Brandon Mattei, Michael Mattei, Kevin Mattes,
Patrick Matthews, Brian Matthews, Thomas Mattner, Logan Mattson, Michael
Maughon, Jason Maus, Maxfield Howes, Alexander Maxwell, Maxwell Stow,
Philip Mayhew, Curtis May-kuronya, Nathaniel Mc Cormick, James McAloon,
Corey McAtee, Alex McAuliffe, Gary McBride, Cortlund McCarty, Ben
McClellan, Isaac McClellan, Jimmy McClure, Travis McConkey, John McConnell,
Todd McCorkle, Brandon McCormick, Brendan McCoy, Edward McCoy, Loren
McCoy, Seth McCracken, Morgan McCrea, Steve McCuen, Nathan McCurley,
Sean McDaniel, Andrew McDole, Brandon McDonald, Connor McDonald, David
McDonald, Matthew McDonald, Vincent McDonald, Landon McDougal, Steve
McDougal, Charles McEniry, Gerald McEvoy, Kieran McEvoy, Tim McFadden,
Spencer McGlothin, Kevin McGoldrick, Frank McGough, Devon McGrath,
Morgan McGrath, Christian McGregor, Christopher McGuigan, Dave
McGuinness, Justin McGuire, Jeff McIntosh, Jordan McIntosh, Stuart McIntosh,
Nathaniel McIntyre, McIntyre Drew, Connor McKay, Thomas McKeand, Leysh
McKee, Nick McKenzie, David McKibbin, Justin McLaren, James McLaughlin,
Kevin McLean, Shane Mclean, Joshua McLellan, Thomas McLuskie, Wyatt
McMurry, Phillip McNelles, Elias McNew, Blaine McNutt, Kevan McPherson,
Timothy McPherson, James McQuillan, Joseph McReynolds, Garrett Mead,
Brandon Mealer, Zach & Holly Means, Mike Mears, Robert Mediavilla, Melissa
Medina, Peter Medrano, Michael Meehan, Toby Meehan, Sneaky Meek, Daniele
Anacleto Meiattini, Luna Meier, Sean Mendelson, Eric Menge, Kris Mercado,
Mark Merida, Kevin D. Merrill, Yannick Merz, Douglas Meserve, Raiku Metcalfe,
Robin Metz, John Meuwissen, Bernd Meyer, Frieder Meyer, Josh Meyer, Nick
Meyer, Paul J Meyer, Sven Meyer, Sarah Meyers, Brian Meza, Jonathan Meza,
Nathan Mezel, Chris Mibus, Hunter Michael, Michael Collins, Michael Dinos,
Michael lefebvre, Kristina Michaud, Michele Paroli, Michelon Giuliano, Michiel
Maas, Mickey Velasco, Micklis Robert, David Mifsud, Miguel De La Cruz
Delgado, Radek Migula, Alexander Mikus, Thomas Milazzo, Alexandra
Miles-Lasseter, Christine Miller, Clinton Miller, Eric Miller, Forrest Miller, Justin
Miller, Malcolm Miller, Matthew Miller, Rob Miller, Ronald Miller, Shawn Miller,
Tyler Miller, Luc Millette, Milligan Alex, Claudia Minardi, Alex Minge, Minor Eric,
Gasper Mir IV, Brendan Missio, Aaron Mitchell, Michael Mitchell, Mitchell
Hammond, Mitchell White, Armin Mobasseri, Gaeid Modiso, Kirk Moeller,
Matthew Mogridge, Brian Mola, Jonathan Moldenhauer, Lucas Molho, Cameron
Monari, Julien Mondoloni, Benjamin Money, Frédéric Monot, Bernie Monsanto,
A Montagnese, Jessy Montague, Brandon Montalvo, Andrew Monteiro, Daniel
Montero, Stephen Moon, Avery Moore, Darren Moore, Jason Moore, Josh
Moore, Kyzer Moore, Rob Moore, Jason Moran, Shea Moran, Aaron Morand,
Travis Morefield, Tucker Morehouse, Matt Moreth, JP Morey, Ben Morgan, Sean
Morgan, Shayne Morgan, Tom Morgan, Jonathan Morgantini, Greg Morin,
Nathan Morin, Martin Morris, Zachary Morris, Emmett Morton, Paul Moseley,
Max Mosier, Richard Moss, Ryan Moss, Cameron Moulton, Joe Mountfort, Mario
Mourino, Louie Mousadakos, Christian Mowles, Richard Moye, Matthew Mrazik,
Andrew Mudd, Amanda Muir, Penelope Mullen, John Mulligan, Matthew
Mulligan, Andrew Mullinax, James Mummert, Will Mundy, Derek Munn, Carlos
Munoz, Jacob Munro, Andrew Murphy, Michael Mary Murphy, Spike MurphyRose, Alek Murray, George Murray, Simon Murray, Timothy Mushel, Horia Mut,
Amanda Myers, Bill Myers, Charles Myers, Joshua A Myers, Myvery, Lance
Myxter, na, Amber & Bobby Nadeau, Brendon Naftel, Daniel Nagle, Tyler Napier,
Naris Lords, David Nascembeni, Robert Nash, Jonathon Nason, Nasser Al-alawi,
Nato, Stephen Naum, Dustin Naylor, Jeremy Naylor, Dwight Neal, Matthew
Neal, Jeff Neely, Joshua Neff, Brendan Neill, Ian Neinast, Cecilia Nelson, Nelson
Cameron, Mitchell Nemirovsky, Maik Neukirch, Alexander Neumann, Hendrik
Neumann, Edward Newcome, Jason Newland, Eric Newman, James Newman,
Michael Newman, Mitch Newman, Georgina Newton, NexxusLive, Andy
Nguyen, Minh Van Nguyen, Viet-Son Nguyen, Nguyen Brian, Nichol Murray,
Nicholas Furze, Nicholas Sutphin, Andrew Nichols, Christophe Nicolopoulos,

Carlos Nicot, Nicklas Nidhögg, Dustin Night, Asher Nilo, Ted Nilsson, Samyueru
Nishi, Christopher Noble, Lasse Marius Nøkleby, Vincent Nonn, Arlet Noppen,
Benjamin Norguet, Ben Norris, Eric Norris, Larry Norris Jr, Matthew Notti, Owen
Novakowski, Daniel Novotney, Nicholas Nowark, Oz Nunyah, Timothy Nush,
Alex Nutter, Stefano Nuzzo, Truesteel Nya, Paul Nyitrai, Håkon Nykrem,
Raymond O’Connor, Daniel Oakum, Obereder Timo, OBerry William, Martin
Oblikas, Colin O’Brien, Nicholas O’Bryan, Kevin O’Connell, Daniel O’Connor,
Stephen O’Dell, Tim ODonnell, Bill O’Donoghue, Neil ODwyer, Jan Oetjen,
Ryan Ogi, Grayson Ohnstad, Tommi Ojala, Vili Ojala, Michael Olah, Ryan Oldani,
Ronald Olexsak, Oliva Francesco, Lucas Oliveira, Michael Oliver, Oliver Schmitt,
Kyle Oliveria, Dustin Oliverius, Dana Olsen, John Olsen, Cole Olson, Mike Olson,
Ols Jonas Petter Olsson, Jeremy O’Malley, Kimberly Ombelet, Colin O’Neill,
Hugh O’Neill, Michael Ong, Oded Oren, Samuel Orlandini, Alexander Ornelas,
Sean O’Rourke, Michael Orr, Raymond Orr, Shane Orr, Stephen T Orr, Zachary
Orr, Manny Ortiz, Oseland Sveinung, Jeffrey Osthoff, Adam Ostrander, Mark
Ostrowski, Jim O’Sullivan, Yorin Ouwerkerk, Carlos Ovalle, Kristy Overaitis,
Overlord Junka, Carl Owen, Owen Hedley, Chase Owens, Isaiah Owens,
Melanthius Owens, Ownagepants, Joshua Owoc, Shawn P, Steven Paavola,
Obed Pacheco, Sharanjit Paddam, Cameron Paddison, Sebastian Padilla, Keith
Paff, Liz Paff, Zachary Pafford, Christian Pagliari, Joe Pagura, BluesLight Painting,
Carlos Palacios, Daniel Paladino, Platon Palaiologos, Jay Palencia, Rich Palij, Jay
Palmer, Mark Palmer, Mercade Palmer, Michael Palmer, Joao Paneguini, Joe
Panes, Robin Pang, Jelmer Panman, Ryan Pannell, Ian Pantale, Jeremiah Papke,
Teddy Pappas, Carl Paquet, Scott Paquette, paradigmblue, JF Paradis, Alvaro
Pardo, Jordan Parducci, Alar Päri, Mayra Paris, Nathan Paris, Matthew Parish,
Tristan Park, Aleczander Parker, Jordan Parker, Matthew Parker, Stephen Parker,
Jade Parker, Grigory Parovichnikov, Victor Parra Just, Richard Partington, Joe
Partridge, Dennis Pascale, Anthony Pascuzzi, B. Nicholas Pasinella, Filipe Passos
Coelho, Patacchiola Mattia, Matthew Patch, Sagar Patel, Ross Paterson,
Stephen Paterson, Ross Paton, Paul Newman, Paul Schindler, Steve Pavey,
Brandon Pawloske, Scott Payne, William Payne, John Payton Jr., Nicholas Peace,
Mark Pearce, Mason Pearce, Anthony Pease, Matteo Pedroni, Juan Pedroso,
Jason Pedroza, Peeters Kevin, Jason Pelath, Joshua Pelton, Philip Peluso, Shannon
Pemrick, Amanda Penn, William Pennell, Robert Perazzo, Victor Pérez, Anthony
Perinoni, Brooks Perkins-Jechow, Matt Perl, Ove Peronard, Nicholas Perreca,
Paul Perry, Matthew Persons, Peter James Zielinski, Arjan Peters, Folke Peters,
Kevin Peters, Raymond Peters, John Peters, Jesse Petersen, Keith Petersen,
Michael Petersen, Benjamin Petitt, Josiah Petkus, Russell “Redjack” Petree, Neil
Petrosino, Costa Petroutsas, Jonathan Pettit, Robert Pfaff, Riley Pfister, Brian
Phan, Phil Thorogood, Philip Buerk, Philip Hindley, Philip W Rogers Jr, Aaron
Phillips, Charles Phillips, Jackson Phillips, Kenneth Phillips, Mikel Phillips, Steven
Phillips, Jeff Phinney, Tom Pickard, Jeffrey Pickernell, David Pierce, Jeff Pierce,
John Pierce, Charles Pierce Jr, Corey Pierno, Jason Pierpoint, Piessat Guillaume,
David Pietraszewski, Justin Piga, Patrick Pilgrim, Nicolas Pinto, Nicolas Pirot,
Michael Pisani, Robin Pittman, Frederick Pitts, Ian Plakias, David Plamondon,
Elias Plangger, Logan Plassman, Chris Platt, Pless Brandon, Markus Plötz, Fiona
Plumstead, Joshua Pluta, Max Poitras, Daniel Pok, Alex Poling, Peter Pollak,
Elizabeth Pollock, Phont Pongpatravet, Matt Popke, AJ Popp, Douglas Popp,
Javier Porobic, Alex Porteous, Eddie Porter, JW Porter, Dave Post, Domenick
Poster, Joseph Potter, Chris Potthoff, David Potts, Nick Poulimas, Daniel Powell,
Connor Power, Michael Poznanski, Iago Prado, Andrew Prajogi, Charles Prause
III, Alex Preisser, Jonathan Presson, Wm Luke Priest, Juan Luis Prieto, James
Proctor, Nathan Prosper, James Prosser, Austin Protiva, James Provost, Philippe
Provost, Wesley Pryor, Julia M. Puffer, Andrew Pulfrey, Salvatore Puma, Purvis
Charlie, Matthew Pyle, Matthew Pyne, Fantasia Qian, Jason Quigley, Gavin
Quinlan, Steven Quirk, Jonathan Raatz, Eric Rabago, Jacob Racey, Christopher
Rackley, Charles Radavich, Brian D Radovich, Kevin Raduka, Michael Radwan II,
Rafa Cerrato, Trevor Raine, Sir Ralex, Nate Ralph, Michael Ramey, Scott Raper,
Maddy Rasineni, Rauscher Dominic, Cameron Ray, Joshua Ray, Andrew
Raymundo, Oz Raza, andrew Reckman, David Reed, Grant Reed, Josh Reed, Kyle
Reed, Thomas Reese, Patrick Regan, James Reiber, George Reichel, Max Reichlin,
Jared Reichman, Ken Reinertson, Bradford Reinhardt, Jay Rendon, Matt Renfro,
Dennis Renneberg Andersen, Sam Reno, Christian Retherford, Alexander
Reustle, Rey Thomas, Christian Reyes, Ronald Reyes, Ron Rhinehart, Aaron
Rhoads, Jesse Rhodes, Scott Rhymer, Travis Richard, Richard Dracconos “The
Great Riki” Goulart, Joe Richards, Ross Richards, Ben Richardson, Francis
Richardson, Richert Nicholas, Jonathan Richeson, Beau Richmond, Dane Rickett,
Kyle Ricks, Ben Rico, Matthieu Rider, Ryan Ridlen, Matthew Ridley, Mel Riffe,
Chris Riley, Stephanie Riley, Stephen Riley, Richard Ringle, Brandon Rion, Alex
Rippberger, Mikkel Risbjerg, Alessio Rissone, Brennan Rist, Tuomas Ristimäki,
Mark Ritcher II, Konrad Ritter, Paul Rizzuto, Brandon Roan, Joshua Roark,
Michael Roark, Jeremy Robbins, robdog, JP Robert, Sebastien Robert, Robert
Sherman, Roberto Perina, Eric Roberts, Jenny Roberts, John Roberts, Joshua
Roberts, Keenan Roberts, Kirsten Roberts, Oscar Roberts, Theresa Roberts,
James Robertson, Sam Robertson, Rob Robertson, Andrew Robinson, Anthony
Robinson, Casey Robinson, Jay Robinson, John Robinson, Laura Robinson, Phillip
Robinson, Tom Robinson, Robinson Ben, Robinson Jeff, Pedro Rocha, Theodore
Rockwood, Rocky Wilson, Samuel Rodda, Alex Rodrigues, Adam Rodriguez,
Christopher Rodriguez, Jacob Rodriguez, Karl Rodriguez, Marcos Rodriguez,
Omar Rodriguez, Rye Rodriguez, Juan Martín Rodríguez, Shane Roerk, Jason
Rogers, Rogers Ayrre, David Rojas, Seth Rollins, Rom Elwell, Romanini Simone,
Christian Rombaoa, Franco Romero, Ronald Marx, Timo Rönz, Chandler Root,

Dominic Rosa, Joseph Rosario, Dan Rose, Jamie Rose, Evelyn Rosee, Zack
Rosenfeld, Patrick Rosenthal, Charles Ross, Ross I Kropacz, Nicholas Charis
Roussos, Aaron Routh, Frédéric ROUX, chris Rowe, Gregory Rowe, Cathy
Rowland, Shannon Roy, Kevin Royalty, Gleb Rozin, RTK, Matthew Ruane,
Douglas Rubel, Sean Ruck, John ‘johnkzin’ Rudd, Tim Rudolph, Miguel Rueda,
Dave Ruffell, Zackary Ruger, Austin Rugh, Cody Ruppe, Robert Rushton, Al Rusk,
David Ruskin, Arthur Russakoff, Joseph Russell, Matthew Russell, Russell Rice,
Alan Russette, David Russo, Thomas Ruth, Maryah Rutherford, Joseph L.
Rutledge, Christopher Ryan, Scott Ryan, Ryan “squawkenberry” Jones, Ryan
Sundberg, Patrick Ryerson, Kieran Ryle, Paul Sablons, Jens Sadlowski, Justin
Sadosky, Lee Saferite, Edward Sagritalo, Melissa Sakakura, Jorge Salazar, Marc
Salazar, Bahar Salehi, Pedro Salgado, Nicholas Saliaris, Brandon Paul Salinas,
Mads Salmansen, Salvadori Alexander, Sam Pennifold, Nils Sammons, Jason
Samsa, Jeremy Samson, Samuel Smith, Miguel San Mateo, Hidetsugu Sanada,
Cisco Sanchez, Adam Sander, Chris Sanders, David Sanders, Isaac Sanders, Mark
Sanders, Scott Sanders, Trenton Sanders, William S. Sanders, Neil Sanderson,
Thomas Sanderson, Jake Sandford, MysteryTheater Sandman, joshua Sandquist,
Scott Sands, Wesley Sansom, Tony Sanson, Justin Santagiuliana, Angel Santiago,
Santiago Miguel F., Anthony Santin, Dennis Santini, Brett Sapp, Rob Sardone,
Hunter Sargent, Alden Sarnoski, Edward Sauerland, Hunter Sauls, Barry
Saunders, Rennie Saunders, Michael Sausaman, Devin Sawyer, Saxberg Michael,
Michael Scalia, M Scancella, Mike Scari, Jan Schattling, Nicholas Scheckter, Kevin
Scheer, Robert Scheffler, Dolan Scherfel, Michael Scheuerman, Thomas
Schillmüller, Bex Schindler-Wood, Markus Schips, Fredrick Schirmer, Tommy
Schlegel, Julian Schleusener, Michael Schluterman, Schmidlin Benjamin, Karl
Schmidt, Ryan Schmidt, David Schmitz, Erick Schneider, Mike Schoen, Derek
Schofield, Theodossios Scholiadis, Erik Schoof, Christian Schor Olsen, Forrest
Schreick, Carter Schu, Brett Schuitema, C Schuller, Thomas Schulte, Stefanie
Schulz, Kurt Schumacher, Aurora Schurman, Collin Schwartz, Schweighofer
David, Ian Schwenke, Gian Marco Schwier, Jeff Scifert, Jason Scott, Robbie
Scott, Scott Garland, Scott Herold, Mike Scotto, Mikael Sebag, Sebastian
Kyprianidis, Sebastien Louvet, Orian Sedlow, Douglas Sedman, Joh Sedtal,
Donald Seebald, Cody Segura, Doug Seipel, Selby Todd, Bob Sennick, Joseph
Serio, Victor Serrano, Daniel Servitje, Anthony Shabrack, Matt Shade, Felix
Shafir, K Shake, Jack Shandley, Lior Shapira, Just Sharples, Shauna Rutherford,
Bert Shaw, Murray Shaw, Jordan Shawley, Sarah Sheard, John Sheehan, Stephen
Sheehan, Christopher Sheehy, Zoe Shelbo, Kyle Sheldon, Andy Shelton, Shen.
Hung-Yang, David Shenofsky, Kiyo Shepard, Chris Shepherd, Neil Shepherd,
Donald Sheppard, Aaron Sherkow, Kyle Sherman, Joseph Shimanek, Philip
Shinnie, John Shirley, Joshua Shoemaker, Michael Sholl, Harry Shuler, Corey
Shultz, Jesse Shultz, Wesley Shumate, Nik Siefke, Adam Silkey, Ansel Sim, Sarah
Simerson, Jerrell Simmons, Skylar Simmons, Simon Simmons, Simon Jackson,
Shannon Simpkins, Ronald J Simpson, Adrian Sinclair, Matt Sinclair, Tim Sinram,
Güs Siska, Altti Sjögren, Jeremy Skalin, Naomi Skilling, Thomas Skjaerstad, Ole J.
Skogstad, Linus Skoropa, Lynn Sky, Jos Slagter, Elisha Slater, Michael Slemon,
BOF Slick, Johnathan Slivkoff, Jack Sliwa, Kaleb Smart, Travis Smart, Alex P
Smith, Brandee Smith, Charles Smith, Christopher Smith, Clayton Smith, D
Kaleb Smith, Daniel Smith, Derek Smith, Erich Smith, James L Smith, Jared
Smith, Jordan Smith, Joseph Smith, Kenneth Smith, Kenneth Smith, Lee Smith,
Luke Smith, Mark Smith, Mathew Smith, Nathaniel Smith, Nayland Smith,
Randy Smith, Richard Smith, Rikki Smith, Robert Smith, Robert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Troy Smith, Will Smith, William Smith, Smith Eric, Daniel E Smith Jr,
Bryan Smith Jr., Aaron Smithies, Daniel Smoak, Smolders Thomas, Heather
Smyth, Ryder Snap, Leslie Snethen, Thomas William Snooks, Paul Snow,
Jonathan Snyder, Snyder Zachary, Andrew Soares, Lily Sochan, Christoffer
Solgevik, Alison Sollars, Wayne Solomons, Jordan Sommers, Soop-Om, Sooy
Adam, Dylan Sorheim, Mike Sorna, Charles Sowders, Oktavian (Tavey) Spanov,
Dave Spanton, Brandon Sparkman, Samuel Spatt, David Speakman, Karen
Spence, Ian Spencer, Jill Spencer, Ralph Spencer, Rob Spieldenner, Hamilton
Spivey, T Spoony, David Spring, Jeff St. Clair, Thomas St. Clair, Robert St. Pierre,
Joe Stacey, simon stacey, Laszlo Stadler, Marcus Stahl, Adam Stall, Simon
Stampfer, Kyle Stancil, Christie Standiford, Leigh Stanislaw, Brent Stanton, Nick
Stanton, Derek Stapleton, Starblind, James Starr, Joe Stas, Stuart Statham,
Martyn Statter, Marc Stearman, Jonette Stecklein, Wade Steel, Matthew Steele,
Kyle Steenland, Bryce Steeves, Mucha Stefan, Scott Stefanski, Einar Áki
Stefánsson, John Steffen, Daniel Steffler, Ted Stegall, Nicholas Stegelman,
Desiree Steiner, Jacob Stemmler, Josh Stender, John Stennet, Todd Stephens,
Bradley Stephenson, Mitchell Stephenson, Gene Stern, Steve Turner, Andrew
Steven, Kyle Steven, Steven W. Collins, Seth Stevens, Shawn Stevens, Stevens
Cody, John Stevenson, Dee Steward, Luke Stigall, Jonathan Stockwell, Shaun
Stoddard, Pace Stoewer, Brant Stokes, Daniel Stokes, Marc Stokes, Hans
Wilhelm Rostrup Stokke, Nathan Stone, Mark Stoner, Salex Stones, Dominic
St-Onge, Noah Storch, Aaron Stordahl, Michael Stracke, Johnny Strange, Alexis
Strassburg, Stratton Stetson, Anna Caroline Straume, Adam Strautman, Chase
Street, David Street, Brenden Strick, Onno Strolka, Eric Strom, Ian Struckhoff,
Stuntie, Kevin Su, Peter Sugg, Eric Sullaway, Bowser Sullivan, J.R. Sullivan, Scott
Sullivan, Tony Sullivan, Ari Suntioinen, Chris Surinaga, Matthew Sutherland,
Tyler Sutherland, William Sutherland, James Sutherland-Bruce, Adam Sutton,
Daniel Sutton, Zola Suwaro, Dylan Svendsen, John Swanson, Kyle Swanson, Eric
Sward, Cody Swatek, Tom Sweeney, Kevin Swift, Nathan Swift, Brandy Swigart,
Jesse Swinson, Cameron Switzer, Tom Swogger, Wouter Swusten, Mario Sylvia,
Ádám Szegedi, Imre Zoltan Szekely, Carolyn Szewc, James Taber,

Jonathan Tacker, Taitaina Yasmin Toro, Attila Levente Takáts, Kuok Jonn Tan,
Tan Frederic, Tristan Tang, TaR, Brittany Tarabek, Iker Tarajano, Rodolfo Tarelli,
Kyle Tasler, Chris Tatara, Brian Tate, Paul Tatum, Pamela Tay, Anthony Taylor,
Cameron Taylor, Hunter Taylor, Mark Taylor, Maya Taylor, RJ Taylor, Wil Taylor,
William Taylor, Jim Taysom, TeamAD, Jason Templeton, Rayburn Tennent,
TenorGurll, Josh Terrell, Terry J Deibler Jr, Dan Thacker, Kalreed Thaedris, Sned
TheDead, Michael Theel, Robimikan TheFeisty, Druel TheGamer, Jacob Thek,
Koix TheKobold, Garrett Therkorn, Kaare Thiessen, Peter Thiessen, Cory
Thomas, Justin Thomas, Nathan Thomas, Thomas Dowling, Thomas Grim,
Thomas Keller, Thomas Tregaro, Andy Thompson, Ben Thompson, Blake
Thompson, Cody Thompson, Jayne Thompson, Richard Thompson, Ryan
Thompson Harmon, Darryll Thomson, Matt Thorngate, Alejandro Thornton,
Julian Thornton, Donald Thorpe, Theo Thourson, Ian Thrailkill, Joshua Thrasher,
Jonas Thrysøe, Jessica Thumser, Zachary Thurn, Scott Tibbedeaux, Leah Tiesma,
Mercie Tilley, Tim OBrien, Timothy Tan, Michael Todd, Derek Tode, Jamie Toeg,
the Acolyte ToFat4Fun, Jack Toland, Matthew Tolbert, John Tolleson, David
Tonzola, Torres Jonathan, Santino & Platika Torretti, Christian Totten, Pete
Tracy, Traiss, Thomas Tramantano, Nam Tran, Joey Trapp, Christopher Travis,
Albert Trefts, Mark Tremayne, Philippe Tremblay, Lawton Trendel, Treseder
Jaime, Mark Tresidder, Richard Trest, Chris Trevino, Michael Trevino, Trey Davis,
Trey Patch, Kenny Tripoli, Diogo Tristão, Jan Trommelen, Jeff Troutman, Daniel
Trudel, William Trudell, Manuel Trujillo, Jared Trulock, Matthew Trussler, Ciaran
Tsangari, Vasileios Tsiakalos, Niko Tubach, Derrick Tubbs, Florian Turchet,
Spencer Turkington, Pete Turnbull, Ben Turner, Erik Turner, Sean Turner, Zach
Turner, Ronnie Tuscano, Logan Tutt, Brent Tweedy, Andrew Twyman, Jhon Tyler,
Tyler Hinkle, Uebe. Frank, Paul Ueltschi, B.A. Umberger, Umbrich Andrew, Sam
Underwood, Prakash Upadhyayula, James Upward, Mathew Urch, Bret Ustipak,
Sascha Utecht, Luke V, Bryce Vail, Matt Vajgrt, Nicholas Valentine, Thomas
Valerio, Valeriy Komogortsev, Frank Van Camp, Zoë Van de Voorde, Frank &
Gerdien Van den Berg, Michael Van Der Schuyt, Paul van der Waerden, Rob van
Dorp, David Keith van Hoose, Jasper van Nieuwenhuijzen, Alexandria Van
Orden, Dillon VanBuskirk, Tyler Vance, Brian Vander Veen, Justin VanderTuin,
Aaron VanderWoude, Matt Vanlaar, Jason VanTol, Peter vanVelzen, Pedro Vargas,
Ruben Vargas, Matthew Varley, George Vasilakos, Jesse Vasterling, Michael
Vaughan, Christopher Vaughn, Malcolm Vaus, Christopher Vazquez, Jonathon
Veigh, Velasco Noah, Dylan Veldhuizen, Steven Velez-Garcia, Wouter Veltkamp,
Dmytro Velykoivanenko, Robin van de Ven, Jason Ventura, Jeffrey Ventura,
Arturo Vera-Felicie, Alexis Verba, Javier Verdin, Kory Verdonck, Niels Verduin,
Karl Vergura, Zackery Vering, Jay Verkuilen, Jelle Vermeylen, Kyle Verrall, Verri,
Jerome Verschueren, Geert Vertommen, Michael Victorine, Viktor Vidas, Shay
Viehman, Viktor Knaust, Jens Villemoes, Jonas Vilnius, Vincent Fazio, Ventress
Vines, Joseph Vinsik, Zoltán Viola, Kevin Virden, Michael Virks, Jesper Vistung,
Joshua Vizcaino, Steven Vocke, Christoffer Voll, Jared Vollstedt, Arechendyr
Volscan, Jonathan von Gnielinski, Paladin von Korff, Oliver von Spreckelsen, Ryan
VonLossberg, Renee Vorbeck, Bryan Voss, Sol Vracken, Vyoral Douglas, Kristine
W, Johannes Wachter, Cody Waddington, Kurt Wadley, Cameron Wageman,
Aaron Wagener, Nikita Wagenman, Cameron Waggoner, Todd Waggoner, Jenny
Wagner, Shane Walden, Alexander Waldren, Jake Walker, John Walker, Lee
Walker, Mike Walker, Robert Walker, walkerofglass, Dylan and Lane Wallace,
John Wallace, Luke Wallace, Matthew Wallace, Sean Wallace, James Wallis,
Brandon Walsh, Simon Walsh, Walsh Owen, Nathan Walter, Richard Walters,
Kedra Walton, Jonathon Wandrey, Lawrence Wang, Zhengran Wang,
Christopher Ward, William Wardle, Michael Wardlow, Glenn Wardrop, Dave
Warren, Richard Warren, Bryan Warrick, Troy Warrington, Garrett Waterbury,
Bob Waters, B Watson, Jeremy Watson, Joshua Watson, Robert Watson,
Howard Watts, Bruce Wayn, Austin Weaver, Kyle Weaver, Desmond Webb,
Jason Webb, Andrew Weber, Daniel Weber, Jason Weber, Jason Weber, Michael
Weber, Chris Webster, Kate Webster, Jessica Wecht, Marvin Weddle, Matthias
Weeks, Jon Wees, Michael Wegner, Henrik Wehrheim, Alexander Wei, Cameron
Weidenhof, Adam Weinstein, Julian Weitz-Elder, Bernard Welch, Aidan Weldon,
Wayne Welgush, Joshua Wells, Matt Wells, Scott Wells, Kyle Welsh, Brittany
Wendland, Paul Werner, Tara Werner, Rachel Wesson, Anthony West, Samuel
West, Ian Westby, Charles Westerdale, Alec Westmoreland, Whaat, Matt
Wheat, Anderson Wheatley, James Wheedleton, Logan Whiddon, Curtis
Whitacre, Gareth Whitaker, Dakoda White, Emma & Ellie White, Grover White,
Matt White, Patrick White, Rick White, Roger White, Shelby White, William
White, Charles White Jr, Taiwan WhiteCat, Christopher Whitehead, Adam
Whitley, Richard Whitney, Jacob Whittington, Neil Whitwell, Fox Whitworth,
John Whynott, Tom Wigleven, Drew Wikstrom, Katrina Wilcock, Mark Wilde,
Wilf Watson-James, Elyse Wilhelm, Nate Wilhelm, Pål Wilhelmsen, Ben Wilkey,
Kevin Wilkinson, Paul Willaume, Adam Williams, Alexa Williams, Chris Williams,
Jake Williams, Luke Williams, Mike Williams, Rob Williams, Rodney Williams,
Ryan Williams, Sylas Williams, Travis Williams, Tyler Williams, Emily Williamson,
Sid Williamson, Nicolas Willis, Robert Willis, Diedrich Wilms, Andrew Wilson,
Andrew Wilson, Spencer Wimmer, Andrew Winden, Peter Winfield, Marius
Wirtherle, Gavin Wiseman, Joe Wiseman, Craig Wisniewski, Todd Withnall,
James Witten, Gregory Woitte, Bradley Wold, Joseph Wolfe, Ryan Wong, Aron
Wood, Carter Wood, Chris Wood, Hunter Wood, Ian Wood, Jonathan Woods,
Aaron Woodside, Seth Woolwine, Stephen Workman, Richard Worley, Nicky
Worseg, Eric Worthington Jr., Alden Wouters, Alicia Wright, Bailey Wright, Eric
Wright, James Wright, Jonathan Wright, Philip Wright, Victoria Wright,
Stephanie Wrightington, Matt Wrycraft, Alvin Wu, Cecil Wu, Jonathan Wu,

Mark Wulkowicz, Jeffrey Wyant, Andre Wyatt, Lin Wyeth, The Wykyd1,
Pigeon Wylde, Xavier Spinat, Xenophontos, Stephen Yager, Joe Yarnall, Adam
Yates, Volodymyr Yatsenko, Vicente Ybarra, Alvin Yeung, Jonathan Yiv, Anon
Ymous, Angelica Yoder, James Yonemura, Charles Yordy, Warren Yorick, Arthur
Young, Clinton Young, Lucas Young, Randy Young, Tim Yox, Zach Jones, Marc
Zacharyasz, Zak Kanoff, Jan Zaleski, Kevin Zambrana, Loris Zanotto,
Nemanja Zdravković, Tom Zecca, Adam Zehner, Bradley Zeitler, Wilber
Zelayandia, R Zemlicka, Giuseppe&Jenni Zerilli, Robbie Zerr, Kyle Zhang,
Evgeny Zhdanov, Anastasiia Zhuravleva, Ward Zijffers, Dorrell Zimmerman,
Terry Zimmerman, Stefan “Jingël” Zimmermann, Andrew Zink, Brett Zippay,
Maggie Zirille, Parker Zmolik, Navar Zody, Josh Zogleman, ZR Gan, Anthony
Zuhlsdorf, Dan Zwayer-Jones

Silver Medalists
/amqueue, A A, A. Camner, Jonathan Abbate, Norman Abegg, Gina Acevez,
Kevin Adamson, Alan Bean, Alberto Joel Berrios Gutierrez, Garrett Alderson,
Wyn Alexander, Nikki Allamanno, Allan Tucker, Drew Allendorfer, Nicklas
Allensworth, Elliott Almanza, Jose Luis Almanza-Rubio, Blake Almon, Christian
Almonrode, Chris Alvarez, Ismael Alvarez, Mads Ammitzbøll, Matt Anaya,
Markus Aleksander Andersen, Amanda Anderson, Chase Anderson, Chris
Anderson, Hunter Anderson, Julian Anderson, Michael Anderson, Ryne
Anderson, André van Driel, James Andresen, Andrew Cookney, Andrew Martin,
Andy DeVeaux, Angel David M, Backer Anonymous, Scott Antos, Apollo Veritas,
Ryan Arakawa, ArcDice, Geoffrey Archer, Jacob Archer, Clifford Argo, Argo’s
Plank, Bryan Armor, Taylor Arndt, Basil Arnold, Mike Arnold, Ryan Ash, Evan
Asher, Nikolis Asimakis, Mark Asteris, Doug Atkinson, Jason Attard, Andrew
Attig, Jay Aujla, Brock Auston, Cody Auter, Carl Avery, Aaron Axelson, Dan B, B.
Cantrell, Logan Babbitt, Heather Babcock, Anon Backer, Richard Backus, RJ
Bacon, Alexander Baello, Kristen Baer, Kyle Bagwill, Theodore Bahrt, Tell Bailey,
Greg Baker, Matthew S Baker, Richard Baker, Sean Baker, Adam Bakow, Collin
Ball, David Balsiger, Sid Banach, Butter Bandits, Carlos Baneira Yañez, NiNi
Banh, Andrew Banker, Chris Banks, Baragoon, Lorenzo Barbarossa, Jay S. Barber,
Paul Bardunias, Maggie Bargelski, Kaleb Barker, Richard Barlow, Adam Barnes,
Brandon & Eileen Barnes, Christian Baron, Jason Barr, Michel Barre, Trevor
Barrie, Sorcha Barrister, Jesus Barron, Jeffrey Bartlett, Andrew Barton, Bascu,
Matthew Batchelder, Andrew Bates, Vincent Bates, Timothy Baumgarten,
Wolfgang Baur, Alain Baxter, Ryan Bazid Arseneault, Andrew Beal, Nathan
Beane, Moritz Bechtold, Piers Beckley, Mario Bedolla, Kelvin Beeck, K Beecroft,
Kevin Beedle, Jonathan Beeler, Michael Behr, Jeff Beisch, BekoPon, Gabriel
Bélanger, David Bell, Jayme Bell, Lauren Bell, Bradley Bellamy, Daniel Benesh,
Albin Bengtsson, Benjamin Gutierrrz, Vsevolod Benkunsky, David Bennett,
Gordon Bennetto, Chris Berber, Jacob Berends, Caroline Berg, Leoney Berg,
Theis Bergstrom, David Bern, Steeve Bernard, Alex Berretta, Gareth Berry, Kyle
Bertea, Mike Bertrand, Gregory Betchart, Bill Gould, Samuel Billington, Billy
Talbot, Andrew Birkmann, Radu Birsan, Cody Bitterlich, Bittner William,
Christian Bitz, Mads Bjarkow, Austin Blackburn, Ian Blacker, Rachel Blackman,
Joseph Blackmon-Dishaw, Daniel Blair, Mark Blanton, M Blasini, Michael Blevins,
Tom Blok, Patrick Blouin, Krishen Blows, Will Boatman, Bobwithlobsters, Erich
Boldt, Brett Bolen, Sam Bolinger, Morgan Bolton, Maxime Bombardier, Carrie
Bomes, Dylan Bond, Brian Bordeaux, Marco Bordin, Andrew Borgmann, Matteo
Borsa, Eric Bos, Jeroen Bos, Topher Bostick, Dan Boudreaux, Callum Boulton,
Bourouiba Amine, Wouter Bouvy, Daniel Bove, Tomas Bowers, Bryan Bowman,
Andrew Boyd, Rob Boyd, Michael Boyle, Slater Boyle, Julia Bradley, Scott
Bradley, Duncan Bradshaw-Smith, Brady Carman, Ethan Brand, Brandon
Montoya, Max Brändström, Joshua Brannon, Hanna Brännström, Jimmy
Braswell, Buck Bratager, Jenni Bravo, Davey Brayton, Stephen Breen, Gil Breger,
Sarah Brennick, Tyler Briggs, Evan Bright, Dave Briskey, Gregory Britt, William
Britter, Mike Brodahl, Rasmus Brodin, Vivian Brodock, Nathan Broeker, Brad
Bronson, Jonathan Brookins, Philip W. Brooks, Michael Broome, Michael Brosco,
Christofer Brown, Colette Ingrid Brown, Forest Brown, Jeremy Brown, Taylor
Brown, William Brown, Bruce Bruhnke, Robert Brunck, Dave Brush, Andrew
Brutonious, Sean Bryant, Wouter Buijs, Matthew Bulkley, Stephen Bulla, Jordan
Bullinger, Michael Bunicci, Jhonen Burbank, Stephen Burk, Phillip Burnham, Cal
Burns, Timothy Burston, Burwood Stewart, Brandon Butler, Kurt Butler, Liam
‘The Worm’ Butler, Morgan Butler, Reuben Butler, Dianne Butterworth, Corey
Buu-hoan, Tom Buxbaum, Dan Buxton, Marc Byrd, Lloyd Cainguitan, Shaun
Cairns, Michael Caldwell, Austen Calhoun, Scott Calnan, Darren Calvert, Jose
Camacho, Alejandro Camarero, Cameron Burns, Jennifer Campbell, Joseph
Campbell, Mike Campbell, Kenny Canter, Biggs Capone, Blair Capps, Charles
Caramanna, Seth Cardinale, Jake Cardis, Matthew Carey, Robert Carey, Jesse
Carmody, Jamie Carpenter, Bryan Casbar, Megan Casperson, Nathan Cass,
Jessica Castillo, Samuel Cato, Justin Catt, Ashley Cecere, Kevin Chachakis, Jay
Chafin, Stephen Chalker, Alexander Chamberlin, Chris Chambers, Quillan
Chambers, Benjamin Chance, Michael Chapman, Fritz W Charles, Charming
Darling, Jaclyn Chasarik, Michelle Chatfield, David Chen, Marcus Cheong, Alan
Cheung, Sam Cheung, Justin Chi, Tom Chick, Kristopher Childress, Chen-Hsun
Chiu, Chong Ernest, Stefan Chorus, Eric Chou, Chris Mohan, Chris. Litten,
Christensen Emil, Christian Heinrich, Christopher J Dean Jr, Christopher Sperry,
Douglas Chuck, Brian Chumney, Yvonne Chung, David Cinabro, Cinnibar, Joe
Cirillo, Kyle Civalier, Steve Clair, Ben Clarke, Joe Cleary, Hamilton & Maegan
Cleverdon, Samuel Clifton, Matt Cloake, Eric Coates, Henry Coates,

Robbert Coenmans, Hasan Colakoglu, Tyler Colbeth, Justin M. Cole, Steven
Cole, Chandler Collins, Michael Charles Collins, Patrick Collins, Ryan Collins,
Ginette Colon, Caleb Compton, John Compton, Greg Conant, Temple Cone,
Juliana Conlon, Aaron Connell, Andrew Conners, Christopher Contreras, Grant
Cook, Loran Cook, Cale Corbett, Craig Cormier, A & B Cornelius, Jonathon
Cornell, Richard Correia, Kip Corriveau, Cordell Cossairt, Richard Costes, Olivier
Cote, Patrick Cottle, Richard Cottrell, Chad Covey, Shane Cox, Matthew Cox II,
Craftnicks, Crafts+Minis, Devin Craig, Craig Britzman, Randy Craigo II, Xander
Craner, William Craven, Warren Creighton, Terren Crider, Leo Croft, Niko
Crookston, Daniel Cross, Matthew Croughton, Family Crounk, Culley Morrow,
Gregory Adam Cunningham, D&J, Daði Einarsson, Erika Daigneault, Chelbi
Daily, Dan Daley, Adriana Damiani, Loren Damsma, Chance Dana, Tyler Danh,
Matthew Daniel, Daniel & Savanah Atkins-Reith, Daniel Beeching, Danny Ryba,
Michael Davenport, Charlotte Davey, David Alexander Parker, David Queen,
David Russell II, Frank Davidsen, Bryan Davidson, Shayna Davidson, Kaeryn
Davies, Steven Davies, Ashlyn Davis, Jonathan Davis, Jordan Davis, Steven Davis,
Victor Davis, Paul Dawkins, Dylan Dayrit, Mikayla De Pasquale, Ian de Planque,
Kevyn De Wannemaeker, Dean Willis, Arthur Decaneas, John Dees, Talon
DeGoede, LeGrand DeGraaf, Travis DeJong, Julien del Rosario, Michael DeLapp,
Darien Delgado, Diego Leon Delgado, Kevin Delger, Max Delhougne, Cody
Delorme, Ronald DeMartin, Andrew Denton, Coy DePratt, Shari Derby,
Matthew Desmond, Ray Dexter, John Dhabolt, Cameron Diamond, Benjamin
Dickenson, Ian Dickinson, Matthew Dickson, Mallory Diefenbach, Diego Valdez,
Morgan Diehl, Cody Dillen, Eric Dittert, Parker Dixon-Word, Kacper Dlugosz,
Adin Dobkin, Matthew Dodge, Michael Dodge, Ben Doherty, Aaron Donahoo,
Lee Donovan, Neil Donovan, Sam Doorley, Dorkules, Deron Dorna, Joe Dorroll,
James Dorsey, Dougal Scott, Thomas Douwes, William Dowdey, Matthew
Dowell, Darrin Drader, Pattycakes Drake, Donovan Drane, Elijah Dresen, Drew
Reilly, Nicholas Dreyer, Sean Drummond, Robert Dückershoff, Ethan Duffy,
James Duhala, Greg Dunn, Chris Durnell, David Dusing, Joern Dux, Herman
Duyker, Chris Dyer, Stayman Dylan, Peter Earle, Chance East, Seth Eckel, Eclez,
Jared Edens, Samantha Edgar, Jaime & Weston Edmondson, Jason Edwards,
Justin Edwards, Erik Ehrenreich Thomsen, Charles Eickstead, Jess Elise, Ellery
Rogers, Joshua Elliott, Samuel Ellis, Whitney Ellwanger, Brody Elmore, Jack
Elphinstone, Zoë Embrechts, Tim Emrick, Patrick Enders, Nicolas Entrabartolo,
Ben Enyeart, Eric Meyers, Jesse Erickson, Douglas Ericson, Paige Erkert, Brehn
Erskine, Esli Aaron Lopez Ramos, Espinosa Jorge, Skeept Espinoza, Jordan Estes,
Juan Estévez Sánchez, Justin Estrada, Leslie Etzweiler, Gareth Evans, Adam Ezell,
Luke Fabis, Derik Fabrizio, Andrew Falls, John Familo, Nathan Farnham, Rachel
Farrugia Hardie, Cody Fast, Father Dagon, Lincoln Faulkner, Faure Stephen, Rue
Feather, Mark Featherston, Ala Fedorova, Stephen Feek, Sarah Felkar, Zachary
Ference, Jared Fernandez, Jimmy Fernandez, Matthew Ferraro, Connor Fett, Joey
Fici, Joshua Fiehrer, Jessica Field, Mark Fielding, Nick Fin, Jacob Finney, Carolyn
Fischer, John Fisher, John Fitzgerald, Jordan Fitzgerald, Lachlan Fitzsimmons,
Mark Flanagan, William Fleig, Tyler Flickinger, Steven Fontenot, Shamus Ford,
William Ford, Thomas Forde, Steven Fordyce, Ophelia Forman, Jacob Forster,
Florent Fortat, Samuel Fortier, Anne-Lise Fosse, Daniel Fowler, Sean Fowler,
Rebecca Foxhoven, Rita Francis, Joakim Fredriksson, Tori French, Carsten Friis,
Delmer Fry, Richard Fryer, Dallas Fuller, Travis Fuller, Sean Fullerton, Adam
Furtwengler, Brittany Fyfe, Jon G, Jason G_Q, Gábor Szabó, Gael Almind, Nicolas
Gagnon, Carter Gale, David Gale, Marc Gallardo, Blair Galpin, David Gannon,
Sam Garamy, Giancarlo Garbagnati, Richard Garcia, Rebecca Garner, Jared
Garrett, Laura Garrison, garvin anders, Joshua Gassaway, Pietro Gastaldo,
MandK Gaul, Gavin Roske, Max Gawryla, Joel Geer, Jonas Geiping, Simon
Gelgoot, Gene Demaitre, Geoff Meyer, Charles Geoffroy, April George, Reed
George, Karl Gustav Georgsen, Geraldo Macedo, Ryan Gerbig, Eric Gervais,
Joseph Gianella, Kevin Gidlewicz, Sander Gielen, Matan Gilat, Brett Gilbert,
Caitlin Gilbert, Matthew Gilbert, David Giléus, Ewan Gilligan, Andrew Girdwood,
Steven Givens, Viktor Gladchuk, Matthew Glass, Aaron Glenn, Leon C Glover III,
Pierrot Gnome, Louise Godfrey, Raoul Wilhelm Goebel, Weston Goggins, Nero
Gold, Aaron Gomez, Evan Goncalo, Robin Gonzales, Beau Gordnier, Dylan
Gordon, Michael Gordon, Raymond Goulet, Alexander Graham, Dalton
Grainger, Christopher Granatino, Gavin Grant, Lawrence Grant, Robin Gras,
Gregory Gray, Matthew Graydon, Evan GrayJohnson, Adam Grayson, Paul Greef,
Dominic Green, Eric Green, Benjamin Greene, Richard Greene, Daniel Gregory,
Gregory Thiessen, Noah Gweek Gribko, Jonathan Grim, Adam Grimaldi, Rashad
Grissom, Orest Groch, Chad Gross, Nathan Gross, Stephen Grote, Morgan
Grover, Marc Gualtieri, Claude Guay, Simona Guenther, Bertrand GuérinWilliams, Guillaume St-Pierre, Gabriella Guillén, Jim Guion, Dylan Gulick, Jack
Gulick, Jason Gum, Tyler Guthrie, Joseph Guzman, David Paul Guzmán, Tyler
Hackbarth, Andreas Hadjichristodoulou, Rebecca Hadsell, Austin Haffke,
Edward Haggerty, James Hagler, Tyler Hald, Andrew Hall, Kyle Hall, Zoë Fey
Hall, Jay Haller, Dan Hallifax, Jonas Halverscheid, Cameron Hamilton, Jonathan
Hamilton, Matt Hancock, Hancock Tyler, Sean and Katherine Handcock, Daniel
Handley, Jesse Hanley, Ty Hanna, David Hansen, Steven Harazim, David Harold,
Glen Harper, Ridge Harper, Tallon Harrington, Chad Harris, Dani Harris, Jared
Harris, Scott D. Harris, Cody Harrison, Iain Harrison, Zachary Harrison, Matthew
Harth, Charlie Hartley, Sean Harvey, Patrick Hash, Jordan Hatchell, Dyveke
Hatling, Michael Hatton, Kendra Hawke, Michael Haws, David Hayward,
Nathaniel Hazelton, Michael Healey, Patrick Healey, Alexander Heck, Paul
Hedrick, Matthew Heflin, Rusty Hefner, Kristopher Heid, Martin Heim, Heine
Stick, Andrew Helland, Ryan Helm, Josh Helmuth, Nicholas Hendley,

Thomas Henegar, Jason Hennigan, Simon Henry, Jason Heredia, David Herman,
Francisco Alexandrea Hernandez, Matthew Hernandez, Danny Herrero, David
Herrington, Lukas Herzog, Brett Hickinbotham, Daniel Hicks, Dan Higdon,
Highsmith Scott, Joe Hill, Thomas Hils, Brandon Hinds, Adam Hisey, Michael
Hite, Rory HJ, Michael Hjerppe, Dominic Hladek, Chris Hladik, Michael
Hnatyshyn, Ryan Hoang, Stephan Hödl-Araujo, Isaac Hodukavich, Declan
Hoellein, Zachary Hollick, Karl Holmberg, Christopher Holmes, Thomas Holmes,
Tori Holmes-Kirk, Cameron Hood, Jon Hooker, Jan Hoos, Kyle Hooton, Ollie
Hopkins, SP Horst, Theodore Houseman, David Howard, Giovanni Howard,
William Howard, Colin Howell, Matthew Howes, Alex Howley, David Hsieh,
Steven Hudkins, Zao Hudson, Jeremiah Hughes, Sam Hughes, Douglas
Hulsether, Ryan Humphrey, Olivia Hunt, Anne Hunter, Alex Hurst, Richard
Hurst, Jonathan Hutchinson, Huup de Jong, Jonathan Hwang, Mindy Hyatt, Ian
Gratton, Duncan Ince, Valarie Irizarry, David Irwin, Adam Israel, Garrett Israel,
David Ivey, Funky J, Jack Egan, Mark Jackman, Elizabeth Jacobo, David Jacobs,
Joel Jacobs, Jacob James, James Armstrong, James Epping, James Franklin tillman,
Jamey Weare, Alex Jandreau, Lara Janecka, Zivon Jankowski, Kenneth Janz, Jason
Wilson, Joshua Jenczyk, Bobby Jennings, Adam Jensen, Garrett Jensen, Kathryn
Jensen, Tobias Marinus Søgaard Jensen, Nemanja Jerković, Mary Jeschke, Jesse
Koennecke, Sophie Jia, Ben Jines, Alan Johnson, Andrew O. Johnson, Chris
Johnson, Lindsay R. Johnson, Madison Johnson, Terry Johnson, Andrew Johnston,
Christopher Johnston, Brian Johnstone, Chris Jolley, Jonathan Black, Austin M
Jones, Daryl Jones, Greg Jones, Michael Jones, Mike Jones, Caidyn Jordan, Chris
Jordan, Jason Jordan, Rebecca Jordan, Caitlin Jorgensen, Joshua Gopal-Boyd,
Brian Joyce, Ryan Joyce, Matt Joyner, Ben Jude, Carson Judge, Kyle Julien, Daniel
Juneau, Gary Kacmarcik, Marco Kalaitzis, Joshua Kale, Nathan Kalkman,
Alexander Kamensky, Matthew Kane, Bradley Kangas, Michael Kantzer, Ryan
Kapioski, Nagisa Kara, Alan Karas, Robert Karczykowski, KarlEmil Norberg,
Benjamin Karls, Olle Karlsson, Steven Kashmark, Kaspers Bart, Adhitya Katkam,
Easton Kays, Steven Kazun, Lucas Keeley, James Kegel, John dfy Kelly, Trent
Kelly, Derek Keltgen, Jonathan Kemp, Christopher Kennedy, Paul Kensler,
Stephen Kenson, Monty Kerr, Melissa Kester, Rafay Khan, Kid Death, Delaney
Kiecksee, Jordan Kilian, Killian DeVriendt, Kellen Kinard, Chad King, Nicholas
King, Dael Kingsmill, Patrick Kinsella, Konstantin Kiriushyn, Jack Kirk, Christopher
Todd Kjergaard, Christopher Klaassen, Alexander Klaine, Andrew Kleeves,
Matthew Klein, David Klemish, Zak Klemm, Taylor Kline, Patrick Kloes, Dionysis
Klonis, Mark Kluchky, Matt Knicl, Matthew Knight, Sabastian Knight, Scott
Knopf, Fboix Knoxville93, Samantha Knyvett, Garrett Koesters, Brent Kofoed,
Kohalu, Johnathan Kokoski, Jay Kolar, Johnathan Konandreas, Chase Kopczyk,
Jason Kost, Harald Krahwinkler, Greg Kramer, Luke Kramer, Jason Kraus, Karl
Kreutzer, Jeffrey Krismer, Mathieu Krog, John Kroger, Krystal Ricco, Ádám Kun,
Janne Kuosa, Benjamin Kupper, Cengiz Kuyas, Michael Kwan, Leon Kwiecinski,
Kyle Fischer, Kyle Pike, Michael L, Eric L., Wesley Lacaze, Christoph Lackner,
Chris Lafayette, Joey Laguna, Damien Laing, Damon Lakeman, Davison Lam,
Daniel Laman, Kelly LaMarre, David Lamberson, Jerome Lamberth, Christopher
Lamberts, Ryan Lampien, Joseph Lamy, Marisa Landes, Nick Landry, Kyle
Lanegrasse, Benjamin Lang, Lee Langston, Mack Lannigan, Lanshark, Marcelo
Lapertosa, Harold Large IV, William Larsen, Bryant Lasken, Jim Lasseter, Martin
Lavallée, Justin Lawless, Paloma Lay, Danny Lazzeri, Matt Leadbetter, Ted
Leaman, Nicholas Leavitt, Jean-René Leblanc Gadoury, Kevin LeCun, Isaac Lee,
James Lee, Kim Siang Lee, Michael Lee, Thomas Lee, Jon Leitheusser, Chase
LeMaster, Flemming Lemche, Jacob Lemire, Darren Leneghan, Johnathen
Lennax, Stephanie Leonard, Benton Lepard, Eric Letourneau, Geza Letso, Eapen
Leubner, Levi Gustafsson, Brett Lewis, Dylan Lewis, Justin Lewis, Shayne Li, Josh
Libby, Morrison Liberman, Jeremy “Erasmas” Lilley, Connor Lin, David Lindgren,
Rebecca Lisi, Matthew Little, Lawrence Littlejohn, Logan Litwinski, Carl Lloyd,
Thomas Lloyd, Christopher Locke, Greg Lohman, Eric Lohmeier, Lucas Lomnicki,
Uhlex Londerd, Nathan Long, Amanda Longo, Nathan Losee, Andrew Lotton,
Philip Lotz, Adam Love, Michael Love, Luc Brassé, Lucien Luckless, Richard
Luke, Donald Lumpkins, Nicole Luna, Ryan Lybarger, Brett Lynam, Jon Lynch,
Greg Lynn, Jason Lynn, Ben Lyons, Karl Lyons, Vasil Lyutskanov, Clarence Mabry,
Connor MacDonald, Rod MacDonald, Harry Mace, Max MacEachern, Clinton
Macgowan, Camie Mackenzie, Saga Mackenzie, Kristen MacLean, Shannon
Maclean, Chase MacLeod, Nicholas Macula, Ian Madden, Liz Madden, Xanthe
Maddocks, Michael Mader, Alvaro “Sixaola” Madrigal, Chris Madsen, Patrick
Magee, Magnus Gademar, Waffles Mahaffay, Emily Mahar, Rob Mahon, Michael
Mahoney, Andrew Majek, Steven Makai, Nick Makris, Drew Malland, John
Mallon, Paul Malone, Jason Manion, Manninen Jere, Nick Mantasas, Thorsteinn
Mar, Desiree Marcel, Mark Marchani, Rafael Marchante, Marco Breuer, Brandon
Margicin, Jake Marion, Mark Melenberg, Greg Maroda, Anthony Marquez, Juan
Carlos Marquez, Andrew Marrington, Grant E. Marthinsen, Cynthia Martin,
Andrew Martinez, Jorge Martínez Hernández, Alison Maruska, Sherry Massey,
Mallory Matasich, Matthew Israel, Matthew Maranda, Tyler Matthews, Sheldon
Mattson, Jeff Maughan, Kevin Mauro, Dawn May, Henry May, Randy May, Justin
Mayer, Vaughn Mayer, Galen Mayhew, Brendan Mayhugh, Matt McAfee, Mac
McArthur, Patrick McCabe, Ian McCall, Jesse McCarthy, John Brendan
McCarthy, Ryan McCarthy, Benjamin McClintock, Ian McClure, Joseph
McCormick, Bryan McCoy, Kaylie McCoy, Kalen McCrea, Jonah McCreary, Adam
and Megan McCutchen, Sean McDermott, Geoffrey McElroy, Jason McFarland,
Sean McGough, James McGowan, Daniel C McGuire, Chris McGurr, Sean
McGurr, Luke Mcilwaine, Kayla McKay, Jeremy McKellips, Wesley McKeown,
Taylor McLain, Bill McLaughlin, Simon McMillan, Matthew McNamara,

Rory McNeish, Cthulu McThulerson, Bob Meadows, Tom Meaney, Jenny “Blue”
Megli, Colin Melcher, Kris Melis, Westley R. Meredith, Joby Messer, Jason Metro,
Marshall Metz, Carl Meyer, Jason Meyer, Michael Wagner, Angelo Michelakis,
Tim Middleton, Kelsey Miglioretto, Mike Coleman, Alexander Milgrom, Alan
Millard, Alec Miller, Benjamin Miller, Denver Miller, Jeff Miller, Nate Miller, Nick
Miller, Alex Mills, Eric Mills, Dave Milner, Jeremy Minett, Caitlin Mininger, Patrick
Misiak, Tom Miskey, Joe Mitchell, Ryan Mitchell, Andrew Mitchell, Lamar
Mitchell-Goodwin, Shawn Mitola, Adam Mix, Dave Mlodinoff, Steven Molen,
Danika Molnar, Jeff Moné, Monoriti Michelangelo, Amanda Monschein, Landon
Montes, Jacob Montgomery, Jacob Moore, John Moore, Nick Moore, Robin
Moore, Ryan Moore, Nolan Moore, Robert Moorhead, Román Moreno Urdiales,
Blaise Morgan, John Morgan, John Morgan, Tali Morgan, Petros Moros, James
Morris, Sean Morris, Shawn Morris, Christopher Moses, Randy Mosiondz, Ben
Mowbray, Colin Moyer, Tomasz Mróz, Anthony Muller, Justin Mullins, Mulotte
xavier, Christopher Munthe, Matt Murillo, Daniel Murley, Preston Murphree,
Kaira Murphy, Lewis Murphy, Ryan Murphy, Eric Musco, Martin Nærland
Haugland, Christopher Nagy, Varis Naïlo, Andrew Narramore, Stephen Nash, W.
James Nash-McNeil, Michael Natale, Nathaniel Castle, Jeffery Nau, Eric Naudó,
Jason Naujok, Nicholas Nave, Bill Nega, Zachary Negri, Leonardo Negron, Neil
Laird, Adam Neisius, Jack Neller, Ashlee Nelles, Bev Nelson, Dale Nelson,
Chance & Matt Nelsondale, Fabian Neubauer, Joseph Neville, Vince Newkirk,
Andrew Ng, Bao Nguyen, Christopher Nguyen, David Nguyen, Joe Nichols,
Jeffery Nicholson, David Ninos, David Niska, Greg Noble, Don Nohlittl,
Benjamin Nolan, Marius Nordbø, Adam Nordin, Steve Norris, Ryan Nunez,
Daniel Nunn, Alexandra Nursey, Karl Nycklemoe, Padraic O’Neile, Tim O’Shea,
Murray Oates, Claire Oberle, Lexie Oberwetter, Aaron O’Brien, Sam Ogden,
James O’Hara, Scott Ohlander, Matthew Ohman, Kalon Ohmstede, Spencer
Oldemeyer, Shawn O’Leary, Andrew Oleniach, Joshua Olsby, Cameron Olson,
Lucas Olson, Ryan O’Mahoney, Omar Kanhai, Jonathan Ondriezek, Oran Hunt,
Alexander Herring Orby, David Orna-Ornstein, Brian Orr, Orrestad Peter, Ryan
Ortiz, Zach Orvin, Patrick Osborne, Colin Ostberg, Cormac O’Sullivan, Luke
Ourednik, Sean Owen, Owen Rhys-Aled, Andrew Owens, Zachariah Owens,
John Oxnard, Jon P, Tyler Pack, Alex Paddon, Amanda Pagnotta, Kate Paisley,
Kisha Paiso, Matthew Pale, Joshua Palmer, Riccardo Panzeri, Kaytee Pappas,
Selena Pappas, Jennifer Pariman, ronald paris, Cody Parker, Melissa and Nathan
Parks, Seth Parks, Jen Parr, Evan Parson, Pascal Daniel, Trent Passey, Guy
Patching, Dean Patterson, John Paul, Michael Paulini, Matthew Paulson, Patrick
Pautler, Jennifer Pawlik, Ellie Payne, Pearce Decker, Dan Pearson, Jesus Pelayo,
Cucore Penny, Anthony Perkey, Kyleigh Perkins, Neil Perkins, Zachary Perkins,
Sean Perry, Johan Persson, Ron Perstin, Pete Croucher, Logan Petersen, Ron
Peterson, Kiera ; Coles Peterson, Aleksandar Petrovic, Kelvin Petry, Lauren
Pettry, Peucelle Guillaume, Lucas Pfister, Jason Phan, Benjamin Phelps, Allen
Phillips, Alyssa Phillips, Andrew Phillips, Chris Phillips, Colby Phillips, John
Phillips, Page Phillips, Michael Phyillaier, Taylor Pieratt, Don Pierce, Kai Pierce,
Pierre William Nilsson, John Pilhoefer, Kate Pinkerton, Max Piper, Pipes Mitchell,
Benjamin Pisani, Billy Pistel, Bryant Pitman, Craig Pitman, Bryan Plant, Andrew
Plummer, Spencer Pocock, Chuck Poe, Deron Poisson, Austin Polebitski, Shawn
Polka, Brandon Pongrujaporn, Kolby Pontius, Chip Poole, Bruce Porter, Maddie
Portuese, Richard Pospesel, Grant Potts, Guy Potts, Pozzo Giovanni, John Prew,
Tina Price, Daniel Primachenko, Sally Pritchard, Jerry Prochazka, Xannie Profaca,
Jonathan Provo, Dan Pugh, Joy Putney, Jeremy Qualls, Nicholas Qualls, Jocelyn
Quezada, Juanpaulo Quiatchon, Keith Quinn, Alexandre Quirion, David Rache,
Monika Raczko, Rick Raddue, Timothy Radloff, Racheal Raffensperger, AJ
Ragbir, Brett Raleigh “top shelf”, Paul Ralph, Forrest Ramirez, Christian Randle,
Fernando Rangel, Leoza Ranza, Jeffrey Rapp, Jared Rascher, Patrick Rass, Cody
Rawlings, Edward Ray, Tara Redinger, Ross Reelachart, Cassandra Refling, Scott
Reichelt, Locky Reid, RJ Reid, James Reinholdt, Johnathan Reinsel, Steve Reis,
Kevin Remington, Justin Renard, Jack Render, Andrew Renshaw, Clyde Rey,
Bradley Reynolds, Kevin Rheault, Benjamin Rhoades, Jason Rhodes, Draughn
Rial, Lorenzo A. Ricciardi, Charles Rice, Garth Rice, Rice. Nick, Evan Richard,
Richard Mundy, Brian-C Richardson, David Rico Zambrana, Paul Riddell, Jacob
Rider, Sebastian Riedel, Destiny Riedhofer, Tamal Riedman, Jake Riffe, Vincent
Rigley, Brad Rigney, Emilia Rinaldi, Kyle Ripley, Tripp Ritter, Angela RiveraCampos, Devon Riviere, Rivkowich Jason, Logan Robbins, Robert Beames,
Brittany Roberts, Christopher Roberts, Clifton Roberts, Donovan Roberts, Ian
Roberts, Michael Roberts, Nathan Roberts, Callum Robertson, Craig Robinson,
Jacob Robinson, Todd Robinson, Nicholas Robinson, Alexandre Rodrigue, Henry
Rodrigues III, César Rodríguez, Rolando Rodríguez, Jorge Rodriguez Jr, James
Rogers, Kenny Rohrbacher, Maxim Rohrmoser, Austin Rolen, Nicholas Roloff,
Evelyn Roman, Elliott Rooney, Zachery Rose, Scott Rosen, Joshua Rosenberg,
Adam Rosenthal, Richard Rossi, Jamie Rossman, Simon Rossmann, Adrian Rosu,
Will Rotenberry, Mike Roth, Troy Rubenstein, Jacob Rued, Jared Ruekberg, Grant
Ruhoff, Ryan Russell, Joseph Russo, Zachary Ryan, Juho Saarinen, Kylar Salazar,
Samahlen, Samuel Beesley, Samuel Pigman, Brian Sanders, Tim Sanders, Alex
Sandin, Joseph Santi, Tanya Santoni, Frank Sapene, Kai Sassnowski, Cortney
Sauk, Kyle Saunders, Colby Savell, Nick Savot, Zack Sayles, Tom Sayogo, Lauren
Scanlan, Max Schafer, Andrew Schaff, Mike Schanck, Matthew Schauster,
Cassidy Schenley, Dominik Schenner, Paul Scherer, Maria-Sophie Schiebel,
Kelrugem Schildhand, Jordan Schlachter, Kevin Schluter, Mack Schmaltz, Reba
Schmidt, Marc Schneeberger, Tobias Schneider, James Schoenherr, Schoenst
Chance, Hayden Schomburg, Chris Schroeck, Michael Schultz, Robert Schuman,
Carson Schwaller, Troy Schwaller, Dawn Schwartz, Martin Schwarz,

Annika Schwiderski, Paul Scott, Scott Schwab, Zac Searles, Sebastiaan Babyn,
Gerhard Seemann, Tom Seligmüller, Sergio Aguilar, Benedicte Serner, Joseph
Serrani, Trevor Sesvold, Wells Seth, Brian Settles, Skylar Sexton, ShadowMoon,
Emma Shankland, Drew Shannon, Matt Sharpe, William Sharpe, Jim Sharples,
Tom Shaw, Michael She’s, Brandi Sheffield, Leah Sheffield, Sheikhnbake, Rhea
Shelley, John Sheridan, Tyler Sherman, Jason Shick, Rob Shoemaker, Seth Short,
Stephen Shriver, Kenneth Shultz, Sidoti Paul, Liz Siewerth, Jason Sigman, Scott
Silkstone, Erika Silva, Michael Silver, SilviusAltus, Wei Jin Sim, Joseph Simmons,
Sharon Simmons, Christopher Simms, Lance Simon, Andrew Simone, Tim
Simonis, Anne-Mhairi Simpson, David Sinkiewicz, Alex Siu, Juan Sixto, Josh
Sjothun, Tyler Skakel, Ryan Skelley, Richard L. Skinner, Justin Slabaugh, Carey
Sleight, Loren Small, Brian Smith, David Smith, Jamie Smith, John Smith, Jonah
Smith, Joseph Smith, Lee Smith, Matthew Smith, Michael Smith, Patrick Smith,
Paul Smith, Sellers Smith, Stephen Smith, Brian Snow, Dale Snow, Matthew
Snow, Amy Snyder, Barry Snyder, Kristen Solis, Dave Sommerfeld, Marshall
Sonsteby, Richard Sorden, Robert Soucy, Steven Southrey, Jason Southworth,
Christen Sowards, Marcus Sparks, Trendane Sparks, Clif Spears, Chris Spencer,
Derick Spiekerman, Orin Spiess, Scott Spiro, Devin Spraggins, Zane Spraggins,
Kasin Srithongsuk, Matt Staggs, Aaron Stanton, Trevor Starick, Corina Stark,
Rory Starks, Tim Starosta, Honey Staufer, William Stauffer, Jarod Stec, Stef van
de Poel, Sean Stefansson, Larson Steffek, Bex Stein, Matthew Steinsaltz, Joshua
Steklac, Alain Stephens, Luc Sterling, Jack Sternal, Stefan Sterzenbach, Liam
Stevens, Michael Stevens, Tuquane Stevens, Bryant Stevenson, Christopher
Stewart, Joshua Stewart, Liz Stewart, Michael Stewart, Howard Stickley, Philip
Stinger, Kody Stinson, Laura Stock, Levi Stockdill, Connor Stokes, Michael &
William Stone, Robert Stoneback, STORMSKULL, Adrian Stout, Harry Straddler,
Margaret Strader, Andreas G. Strand, Jake Strickland, Chris Striker, Matteo
Stringhini, Cj Strohmeyer, Tom Struble, Werner Strydom, Christopher Stuart,
Rebekah Sutton, Zach Sutton, Matthew Swager, Byron R. Swain, Phil Sweet,
Tim Sweeting, TImothy Sweetser, Carl Swienton, Kael SwiftArrow, Kyle Tabler,
Ta’Ding, Aaron Tapscott, Matthew Tarling, Tarragoni Ignazio, Jake Tasker, Darius
Tata, Nelson Tate, Griffin Taylor, Ian Taylor, Jason Taylor, Robert Taylor, Chris
Teahouse, Sam Teare, Ted McElwee, Conor Teegarden, Donny Temple, Lukas
Tengler, Kyle Tenneson, David Terrazas, Jeppe Thaarup, Thalji, The Silver Hydra,
Theo, Marcus Thol, Bradley Thomas, Torben Thomas, Thomas J. Talamini,
Carter Thompson, Dennis Thompson, Evan Thompson, Sakura Thompson,
Michael Thorn, Rory Thorne, Ranger Tim, Andrew Tipper, Warren Tochor, Eric
Toczek, Jesse Toellner, Tom Vincent, Meredith Tomeo, Alexander Toomey
Westcott, Edward Tortoriello, Joseph Towe, Greg Traeger, Tragakis Em., Jennifer
Amy Tran, Hara & I.J. Tran-Steinberg, Cullen Travis, Aaron Trepte, Arnold S
Triplett, Louis Tripoli, James Truman, Alixe Tsang-Leclercq, Georgios Tsiolakis,
Richard Turnbull, Chas Turner, Jazmyn Turner, Anguar Two-Sheilds, Matthew
Tyler, Tyler King, Dennis Tzitschke, Adrian Ulff, Chris Underhill, Danielle Unett,
Carl Ungemach, Kitiara Uth-Matar, V13, Cynthia Valdez, Ethan Vallelly, Roger
Van Cleave, Tim van de Snepscheut, Koen van den End, Mark van Ginkel,
Anthony van Poppelen, Jared Van Vaerenewyck, Vandenheede Kevin, Chase
VanDuyne, Steven VanWinkle, Barbara Varsanofieva, Jonathan Vechmamontien,
Darren Velez, Matthew Vella, Jeff Verachtert, Dean Vereker, Christopher Verry,
Scott Verzi, Morten Vesterager, Katelynn Vick, Jason Viens, Greg Voelker, Aaron
Vogt, Douglas Volling, Kyle Waddell, Erin Wadle, Jared Wadsworth, Brandon
Wagner, Forrest Walker, Flynn Wallace, Victor Wallace, Katie Walsh, Eric
Walston, Geoffrey (Jetstream) Walter, Finn Walton, Robert Waluchow, David
Walz, Waning Gibbous Games, Cole Warburton, Ben Warkentin, Ryan Warley,
Richard Washburn, Jeremy Wasik, Logan Wassenaar, Christina Watson, Nicholas
Waun, Steven Waxman, Ari Weaver, Brady Webb, Josh Weedon, Tim Wehrs, Eric
Weidus, Ryan Wellhouser, Steve Werling, Nathanael West, Paul West, Adam
Westermann, Jonathan Westhouse, David Wharton, Brandon Wheldon, E
Whetstone, Nathan White, Ryan White, Michael Whitney, Nicholas Whitney, Jo
Whittemore, Mark Whittington, John Wicker, Michael Wierzbicki, John
Wiesolek, James Wiggins, Jamie Wiggins, Sara Wigle, Chris Wigley, Ned
Wilcock, Justin Wilcox, Zach Wild, Yari Wildheart, Tyler Wilhelm, Matthew
Wilkin, Benjamin Williams, Drew Williams, John Williams, Kelly Edward
Williams, Matt Williams, Mike Williams, Neil Williams, Ryan Williams, Lincoln
Williams II, Daniel Williamson, Greig Williamson, Luke Willis, John Wills, Adam
Wilson, Ariel Wilson, Austin Wilson, Brice Wilson, Christian Wilson, Jack
Wilson, Jonathan Wilson, Tim Wilson, Doug Winkey, Kris Wirick, Saul
Wiscovich, Blair Wiser, Witte Alexander, Ryan Wittig, Beau Woehrle, Austin
Wofford, Brody Wollner, Eddy Wong, Craig Woodbury, Edward Woodcock,
Bonnie Woodcraft, Brandon Woods, Thomas Woods, WP, Andrew Wright,
Bradley Wright, Dorian Wright, Gordon Wright, Matthew Wright, Ryan
Wright, Steven Wright, Anthony Wu, Thibault Wyrsch, Tschiang Xu, Georgie
Yacopetti, Megan Yamamoto, Scott Yarbrough, Ryan Yates, Matthew Yerkes,
Chad Yost, Rory Young, Juliet Youngren, Yusuf Ikirmawi, Nicholas Zakhar, Zane
Lee, Geoffrey Zatkin, Matthew Zehner, Brett Zeiler, Andy Zeiner, Johnny
Zhong, Davidson Ziegler, Philip Zoshak, Brian Zuber

Bronze Medalists
Galit A., Aaron Murphy, Aaron’s Books, David Abbott, Dan Abrahmsen, Pete
Abrams, Adam Ackerman, Nick Ackermann, Sara Acquaviva, Adam Crossingham,
Adam Walker, Erin Adams, Nathaniel Adams, Preston Adams, Tony Adler, Marta
Afonso, Joalyn Ahn-Doettger, Moreno Airoldi, Thomas Aites, Aslion Akatos,

Al. W, Kannan Alagesan, Manuel Alba, Alan Albano, Albert Altimira, Alex
Melluso, Alex Towns, Alex Yeap, Christian Alhaug, Aline Bienfait, Ian Alivio,
Casey Allen, Chris Allen, Stephen Allinson, Håkon Almo, Nicholas Altizer, Joshua
Alumbaugh, Pablo Álvarez, Jonathan Alvear, Ilgner Alves, Mike Amer, A. Amerine,
Blake Anderson, Caroline Anderson, Chelsea Anderson, Elisha Anderson, Ian
Anderson, Lisa Anderson, Matthias Anderson, Rigel Anderson, Christofer
Andersson, Greg Andrade, André Andrade Braga, Andres Restrepo, Andrew
Graham, Andrew Jones, Andrew Robertson, Andrew Walker, Alexandru
Andronachi, Jonathan Angel, Anonymous, Antal Kéninger, Jeroen Anthierens,
Jamie Arabshahi, Angus Archer, Garrett Archer, Tim Archer, John Arendt, Mikhail
Aristov, Arkhane Asylum, Armisius, Kat Arnett, Troels Arnfeldt, Greg Arnold,
Tom Aroune, Julian Arraya Guillen, Callum Arthur, Patrick Aschwanden, Ioannis
Athanasakis, Blaine Atkinson, Travis Atkinson, James S. Austin, Barak Austin,
Tera Autumn, Jota Ayala, Fanni Bable, Bryant Badeaux, Rafael Bagan, Josh
Bagley, Blake Bahner, AJ Bailey, Ryan Bailey, Thom Bailey, Bailey Orin, Coral
Baisch, Benjamin Baker, Dustin Baker, Greg Baker, Jimmie Baker, Marcus Baker,
Timothy Baker, Richard Baldwin, Matthew Ballard, Thomas Balls-Thies, Matt
Balmaseda, Tristan Balzer, David Bamatter, Francesco Bambina, Charles
Bancroft, Peter Banks, James Bannister, Lucio Baracca, Andrea Barakka, Anthony
Barcelona, Carsten Bärmann, Oliver Barnes, Andy Barnett, Sebastian Barousch,
Roger Barrass, Rafael Barros, John Barstow, Jonathan Bartel, Toby Barwick, Taras
Basiuk, Jorge Bassi, Harry Batten, Fearchar Battlechaser, Andre Battrick,
Anthony Baumayr, Kayla “DM Dalliance” Bayens, Chris Bayer, Darth Beak,
Gregory Bean, Patrick Beaulieu, Joe Bechtold, Matt Beck, Michael Beck, Russell
Bedford, Sean Beebe, Kenny Beecher, Cameron Beere, Rodolfo Beléndez
Sánchez, Dickie Bell, Ben Keeler, RJ Benjamin, Reuben Bennett, Raymond
Bennett, Jake Benson, Tom Erik Bergseng, Adam Berliner, Anthony Bernal, Levi
Berndt, Liam Berry, Jan-Niclas Bertram, Zach Bertram, Elvedin Besic, Jason Best,
Ian Bestwick, Paul Bethlehem, Simone Bianchi-Guzman, Johnathan Biggs, Cemil
Bilici, Susan Bischoff, Alex Bishop, Ben Bishop, Jamie Bishop, Robert Bishop,
Chelsea Black, Chad Blackburn, Jory Blacklock, Nina Blain, Andreas Blanke,
Ignacio Blasco, Declan Blasini, Preston Bobo, Kyle Bodell, Alasdair Boden, Craig
Bogart, Eric Böhlke, Gabrielle Bond, Matt Bond, Michael Bonner, Pieter Boor,
Lasse Borly, Harold Bosstick, Gabriel Boswell, Renee Boucher, Jake Bourbon, Jim
Bourquin, Nicholas Bouvier, Alexander Bouwens, Felipe Bovolon, Dan Bowers,
Dana Boychuk, Peter Boyle, Brad West, Bradley Harrison, Mark Brady, Olivia
Brady, Fredrik Brandberg, Brendan Julian, Jeff Brenner, Raphael Bressel, Brian
Mathena, David Brideau, Jean-Pierre Bridier, Andrew Brisbane, Britton Hipple,
Elizabeth Brizzolara, Samuel Brockmann, B.A. Brockway, Barrett Brooks, Jason
Bross, Carl Brouillard, Chris Brown, Cory Brown, Darren Brown, Brown Samuel,
Alexander Bruene, Alessandro Bruschi, Christopher Bryant, John Bryant, William
Bryant, Seth Brynien, Francesco Bubba, William Buchanan, Oliver Buckle, Brian
Bucklein, Christopher Bueno, Maarten Bukkems, Jacob Bulfin, Ryan Anthony
Burbridge, Michael Burge, Amanda Burges, Seth Burk, Tom Burke, Erik Burnell,
Johnathan Burton, Chris Butcher, Keegan Butler, Jason Butz, Chandler Byrne,
Katie Byrne, C Ian Avery, Ryan Cadenhead, Gabriel Caires, Robin Callaghan,
Chaz Callendar, Calvin Hill, David Campbell, David Campbell, Dion Campbell,
Jeremy Campbell, Jonny Campbell, Tyler Campbell, Stephen Camper, David
Campisi, Eric Canapini, Alan Cannon, Jake Cannon, Daniel Canton, Canus
Gladus, Mariana Capdevielle Schurmann, Finn Cardno, Carlos Rosas, Erik
Carlson, Barry Carmichael, Jakob Carnebring, Aaron Carpenter, Patrick Carr,
Dennis Carradin, Joao Carrera, Sean Carriere, Dan Carrieres, Joseph Carriker,
Kassandra Carrillo, Alexander Carroll, Josh Carroll, Ken Carroll, Ryan Carroll,
Anthony Carrozzo, Kent Carter, Kyle Carter, Will Carter, Jonathan Caruso, Bryon
Casebolt, Sebastian Casey, Bo Cass, Francesco Castelli, Kat Castillo, Aurelio
Castro, Victor Castro, Mack Cates, Eddie Catich, Joseph Catrone, Riccardo
“Malbet” Caverni, Alexander Cetinski, Nathan Champion, Erin Chan, Michael
Chandrasegaran, Charles Chapman, Luca Chapman, Sam Chapman, Greg
Chappell, Derrick Charles, Charles Choi, Mike Chase, Kevin Chatham, Hondo
Chavez, Devin Cheetham-Wilmot, Josh Chen, Robin Cheng, Kevin Cherry,
Ashley Chhibber, Tricia Chicka, Christopher Choate, Akhil Chokshi, Michelle
Chowning, Keratis Chris, Chris Patterson, Chris Walker-Bush, Brendon
Christensen, Peter Jonathan Lund Christensen, Christian, Parker Christian,
Pander Christopher, Christopher Booth, Merezias Chrysakur, Dexter Chu, Achim
Chuang, Hans Chun, Francis Cincotti, Andrea Cioffarelli, Mariusz Ciolkowski,
Adam Cisler, Corinna Clanton, Matthew Clark, Lauren Clarke, Sion Clarke,
Victoria Clarke, Nathan Clawson, Gareth Clay, Matt Clay, Cody Clayton, Ian
Clements, Ben Cline, Sean Cloete, Matt Cluett, Genevieve Cogman, TJ Cole,
Alex Collier, John Collins, Shannon Collins, Simon Collins, Barbara Comer, Miggs
Commander, Ethan Compton, Darrin Conant, Jacob Conerly, Ciaran Conliffe,
Sean Connell, Chris Conner, Alyssa Cook, Thomas Cook, Jack Cooper, Richard
Cooper, Jared Coplin, Caleb Coppola, Jacob Cordero, Ashley Corkill, Matt
Corley, Jubilation T. Cornpone, João Cortes, Fernando Cortez, Clayton
Cospelich, Guilherme Costa, Andrea Costantini, Bryan Costanzo, Sam Cotler,
Zachery Couden, Remy Coupe, Igor Coura de Mendonça, Patrick
Courtemanche, Eric Covill, Chris Cowger, Alex Cox, Jeffery Crago, Heather
Craig, Craig Hackl, Craig Weinstein, Susan Craley, Ethan Crandall, Rohan
Crichton, Allen Crimmins, Daniel Crisp, Brian Cristina, Rylan Cromer, Logan
Cronin-Stacey, Rohan Alexander Crossan, Ryan Crowe, Michael Crown, James
Crowther, CthulhusDream, Chuck Cumbow, Deana Cunningham, Kyle Currie,
Bee Curtin, Helen Curtis, Jade Curtis, Sebastian D., D’Agostino Emanuele,
Kasharic Daims, Dan Tsui, Kevin Danby, Nikolaj Danger, Daniel Winter Gill,

Dany Robillard, Stanton Daries, Nathan Darnell, Brice Darroch, Adrian Das, Dave
Lindsay, Michael David, David Steinberg, Kiera Davidson, Connor Davies, Robert
P Davies IV, Anthony Davis, Jostein Davison, Conor Davitt, Jennifer De Lopa,
Vaughan de Stoppelaar, Gerrit de Swardt, Brian Deakin, Geoffrey Dean, Andreas
Debus, Karl Dechene, Barry DeCoursey, Phillip DeGrand, Joel “Djscman” Dehn,
Warren Delamar, Nat Delaney, Corleone Delaveris, Andrew DeLorenzo, Cyprien
Delpuech, Tyler DeLuca, Arch DeLux, Barbara DeMick, Zacory Demonterey,
Callum Denby, Warren Denman, Dennis Douthitt, Anthony Deodato, Nicolas
Desjardins, Scott Desmond, Claude Dessouroux, Jerome Devie, Philippe Devillé,
Travis Dewsbury, William Dexter, Jonathon Dez-La-Lour, Davide Di Giovanni,
Evan Dias, Damian Diaz, Jonathan Diaz, Zero Diaz, James Dickson, Diego
Visintin, Paul Dieken, Cole Dieterle, Joshua Diiorio, Clayton Dilks, Erin Dinneen,
Thomas “Direlda” Disher, Tyler Dishman, DishonorOnYou, Annika Distel, George
Dix, Jake Dixey, Connor Dixon, Bob Dobalina, Ruairi Dodds, Martin Dodgson,
Deniz Dohmen, John Dolan, Kerry Dolan Jr, Steve Doland, Michael Dollar, Dom,
Domani Samuels, Alex Dominic, Brian Domville, Scott Donatti, Viktor Donkov,
Donna Young, Mike Donnell, Christopher Dooly, Justin Dorasamy, Jim Dortch,
Sean Doubt, Drew Doucet, Max Dougherty, Fabien Dovero, George Dowdell,
Gary Dowell, Anthony Downes, Tim Doyle, Katie Drabble, Drache Hwang,
Shannan Drakkon, Hank Driskill, Xavier Drouin, Richard Drozdik, Chad
Drummond, Francois du Plessis, Marcello Duarte, Tyler Duckworth, Eamon
Duffy, Ryan Dukacz, W. Harry Dunbar, Brent Duncan, Duncan HenleyWashford, Nathan Dunkin, Derek Dunlavy, George W. Dunn, Micah Dunn,
Daniel Duran, Salva Duran-Nebreda, Morgan Durham, Jeff Dusterhoft, Dylan
Krieger, David Dziadula, Shaun Eaglesham, Ebatbuok, William Eckhardt, Sara
Ecoretti, Matthew Edgar, Brendon Edwards, Chris Edwards, Daniel Edwards,
Stephanie Edwards, Zack Edwards, Ezra Eells, Ehedei Guzmán Quesada, B
Eidsor, Samir El Aouar, Daniel Ellebracht, Richard Ellison, James Elmore, Michael
Emala, Jack Emberton, Patrick Emery, Chris Emmons Jr., David Emptage, Anders
Røttingen Enden, Nicklaus Endicott, Nathaniel Epp, Eri Senpai, Erik Trolle, Julius
Erlandson, Taylor Espy, Philip Ettl, Pascal EUGENE, David Evans, Troy Everett,
Everett Tishler, Evie Michelle, Ex Exerciser, Ezechieli Gregory, malon Ezell, Luca
F, Sandra Fabiano, Fabrice Delcourt, Benjamin Falk, Falk Evelina, dark Fang, Will
Farmane, Dylan Farrell, Austyn Farris, Sam Farro, Ben Fell, Mace Felsch, Matthew
Felty, Blake Ferchalk, David Ferguson, Konrad Ferlangen, Dyllan Fernandez,
Andrea Ferns, Ferran Iglesias, Paulo Ferreira, Goorjian Ferrell, TJ Ferrell, Owen
Fielder, Matthew Fields, Jacqueline Figueroa, Thomas Finch, Brendan Findall,
Finlay Fletcher, Josh Firestone, Michel “Fjsh” Fischer, Randy Fisher, Alexander
Fisk, Stephen Fitzgerald, Daniel Fitzpatrick, Tom Fitzpatrick, Aaron Fleishman,
Steve Fletcher, Robert C Flipse, Borja Florenciano, Kevin Flynn, Sam Fokker,
Ryan Foley, Nicla Folla, Matthew Ford, Nathan Ford, Nick Ford, Steve Fortier, Sol
Foster, Tait Foster, Ben Fowler, Patrick Fowler, Alexandros Fragkopoulos,
Franklin Thijs, Erin Frazee, Ron Frazier, Pete Frederick, Zachary Frederickson,
Tonya Fredrickson, Adam Freed, Angelo Frei, Ross Freier, Anne Freitas, Jason
Frey, James Friery, Magnus Frivoll, Chad Frost, Gonçalo Froufe, Albert Fry,
Donathin Frye, Al Fukalek, Ben Funkhouser, Ryan G, Alicia G. Albertos, Gabor
“Rex” Hegedus, Trish Gagnon, Eran Galili, Patrick Gallagher, James Galliher,
Renzo Gambone, Nick Garcia, Jarad Gartley, James Gasparine, Rob Gates, Frazer
Gault, Anton Gausel, Daniel Gay, Georgia Geddes, Marco Generoso, George
“Bravesword” Bonfim, Georgi Gyorin, Georgie Marshall, Simon Germain, Simon
Gerrard, Victoria Gert, Tom Ghering, Joe Giammarco, Mathew Gibbons, Daniel
Gibbs, CJ Gibson, Brian Giel, Isaías Gil Deza, Korri Giles, Mark Giles, Ryan
Gilgallon, Connor Gilhuly, Kevin Gill, Kristina Gill, Kyle Gillott, Francesco
Giordano, Sebastien Girard, Jean Luke Girard, Graziano Girelli, Vlad Giulvezan,
Giuseppe D’Aristotile, Nicolaj M. Glargaard, Austin Gleed, Andy Glover, Edward
Glover, Godiksen Jesper, Gabriel Godoy, Taylor Goehring, Bill Goeltz, Stoo Goff,
Golay Martin, Tyler Golding, Lee Gomila, Thomas Gonnot, Nicolas Gonthier,
Juan Pablo Gonzalez, Miguel Gonzalez, Mike Gonzalez, Zeke Gonzalez, Jack
Goodman, Grant Goodnight, Isaac Goodson, Bryan Goodwin, Goranee
Pongsatron, Michael Gorczyca, Emily Goyette, Grafton Rosalina, John Graham,
Cameron Grant, Liam Grant, Steven Gravel, David Graves, Kirk Graves, Robin
Gray, Doug Green, John Greenlees, Dillen Greenwood, Brian Gregory, Kelly
Griffin, Casey Griffith, Cody Griffore, Andrew Griggs, Gary Grigsby, Holland
Grimm, Rune Andreas Grimstad, Kelly Grooms, Norman Gross, Markus Gruning,
John Grymlynn, Nathaniel Guenther, Daniel Guido, Guido ‘Maicol’ Campanini,
Jesse Guile, William Guinan, Gumbel Howie, Adam Gumbert, Peter Gustafsson,
Gustavo lara, Will Guy, Guy Elliott, William Haber, Oliver Hahn, Kyle Haines,
David Halbouty, Daniel Halbur, Tracey Haley, James Hallam, Donald Hallama,
Shane Hallengren, Jonas Haller, Reily Halversen, Halymath, Kate HambyHopkins, Dirk Hamel, Adam Hamilton, Gavin Hamilton, Charles Hammond,
Logan & Jerusha Hamson, Jeremy Handler, Christina Hanks, Heather Hansen,
Michael Hansen, Daniel Hanzlík, Viktor Haraszti, Zak Harbula, Paul Harding,
Stephen Hardy, Thomas Hardy, Philip James Harker, Michael Harkin, Samantha
Harmer, James Harper, Roger Harris, Spencer Harris, Nelson Harrow, Patrick
Hastings, Colin Hatton, Mads Rune Haugstad, Bethany Hawkins, Bradly
Hawkins, Chandler Hawkins, Justin Hawkins, Alexander Hawson, Andrew
Hayden, Steve Hayes, Sarah Hayward, Paul Hazen, Matthew Heales, Caleb
Hearth, Chris Hebda, Michael Hebditch, Justin Hebels, Justin Hechtel, Aaron
Hedges, Heger Vladislav, Rolf Heinemann, Philipp Helbing, Marcus Hellqvist,
Micaela Helvey, Jason Henley, Shawn P. Hennessy, Edward Henry, Henry Giles,
Noah Hensley, Kyle Herbst, George Herde, Adam Heritage, Joshua Hernandez,
Adam Heroff, Herr S, Janick Hertzum, Philippe Hervé, Brian Hess, John Hey,

Spencer Hibnick, Hickman Jessie, Lewis Hicks, Sakari Hietanen, Teddy Higgins,
Anthony Highfield, Kody Hill, Michael Owen Hill, Darryl Hills, Mike Hinshaw,
Shahil Hiridjee, Richard Hirsch, Shane Hirt, Dane Hixon, Benjamin Hoar, Nathan
Hock, Michael Hockey, Robin Hoelzemann, Michael Hoffman, Daniel Hoffmann,
Aidan Hogan-Thomas, Derek Hoge, Callum Hogg, Carl Hoggins, Lawrence
Holbrook, Will Holden, Sheldon Holder, Sean Holland, Sean Hollern, Gemma
Holliday, Logan Hollinger, Allen Holloway, Chris Honkala, James Honoré, Josh
Hoover, Sam Hope, Marcus Horan, Scott Hornbuckle, Aric Horst, Leó
Hrafnsson, Tom Huber, Jamie Hubred, Tom Hudgins, Paul Hudson, Chris
Hughes, Adam Hughes-Baldwin, Brian Hum, Daniel Hung, Bryan Hunt, Kevin
Hunt, Alex Huntington-Meath, Cheryl Hutchins, Keely Iida, Owen Ing, Erik
Ingeman, Harry Ingle, Ingo Schroeder, Ben F. Intoy, Geoffrey Invina, Christopher
Irvin, Louis Ishii, Bartholomew Jackson, Henry Jackson, Louis Jackson, Steven
Jacobs, Aaron Jacobson, Cameron Jacobson, Jes Jacobson, DAVID JACQUET,
Matthew Jameison, Kyle James, James Cockburn, Jan Ganske, Filip Jankowski,
Brad Jantz, Trick Jarrett, Kristin Jason, Jason Craig Spencer, Jason Schrader, Steve
Jasper, Alexander Jatho, Brandon Jean-Baptiste, Jean-Baptiste Demorat, Conrad
Jedynak, Tod Jeffcoat, Maxwell Jeffers, Jeffery Sumler, Jeffrey P Limmer, Shannon
Jeffries, Dan Jencka, Jennifer Weaver, Matt Jennings-Bates, Lasse Jensen, Tobias
Jensen, Jerod Hammerstein, Jesse Miller, Jessica Harvey, Jesús Cortes, Jetpack7,
Jimi Jibodu, Jonas Jillerholm, Staffan Johansson, Graham Johns, Victoria Johnsen,
Lloyd Johnson, Michael Johnson, Nathan Johnson, Samuel Johnson, Scott
Johnson, Theodore Johnson, Emmanuelle Jollois-Puleio, Chris Jones, Daniel
Jones, Hunter Jones, Jeremy Jones, Julia Jones, Lee Jones, Melanie Jones, Nicholas
Jones, Rhys Jones, Stephen Jones, Jones Millenium, John-Gray Jordaan, Martin
Jørgensen, Jouffret Lionel, Steven Judson, Kyle Jurik, Justyna Nowak, Georgios
Kachrimanis, Max Kaehn, Thokein Kalagathai, Enie Kamozi, Kamron Hart, Alison
Kane, Ian Kane, Andrew Kaneda, Levi Kane-Thorpe, Agnieszka Kaniewska,
Joshua Kantharia, Ranjeev Kapila, Steve Kappas, Michael Karas, Hans Karding,
Jonathan Karkour, Jonas Karlsson, Mikko Karppelin, Joey Karwal, Katey
Hawthorne, Katharina Wilding, Jeremy Kear, Jacob Keating, Timothy Keeler,
Alistair Keeling-Tucker, Anastasios Kefis, Patrick Kelleher, Nathan Kellen, Ben
Keller, Christian Keller, Jackson Kelley, Jacob Kemp, Scott Kendrick, Kevin
Kenealy, Kenidashi, Shawn Kennedy, Mikhail Kennerley, Johnathan Kenny, Joshua
Kensler, Ryan Kent, Edmund Michael Kera, Gábor Kerekes, Steven Kern, Ruben
Kertzscher, Jack Kessler, Azed Kettani, Kevin Rowe, Rajan Khanna, Ernest Khoo,
Ferry Kielman, Christian Kierans, Artimus Killian, Roger Killion, Brad Kim, Brian
Kim, Michael Kimball, Sarah Kimberly, Riley King, Samuel King, Marc Kingsbury,
Jaclyn Kinney, Sean Kirk, Dylan Kish, Morten Kjellerup, Tobias Klaar, Seth Klein,
Klein Philippe, Steven Kleinheinz, Nis Kløjgaatd, Kamil Kłosek, Steve Knittel,
Matthew Kobylak, Eric D Koe, Lars Koenig, Christopher Kohlbacher, Daniel
Kolsoi, Christina Koplyay, Gerrit Köppe, Brady Kornrumpf, Kevin Kostello, Lauren
Kottke, Angelos Koukos, Michael Kovacs, Kimmo Kovalainen, Piotr Kowalski,
Susanne Kraft, Kragart, Jan Krasa, Ryan Krauklis, Krellic, Travis Kremer, Patricia
Krens, Zachary Kronisch, Ginger Krotzer, Daniel Krusvar, Ku Tsz, Rodrigo
Kuerten, Craig Kuhns, Robert Kukuchka, Prasanth Kumar, Chris Kümmel, Künzel
Falk, Thomas Kurilla, Sakditat Kwanchaitunya, Ryan L., Harry Laan, Mathieu
Lachartre, Tom Ladegard, Nathan Lafferty, Kristen Lagahid, Jason Laird, Matt
Lalemand, Francis Lamarche, Terence Lamb, Eddie Lambden, Christian Lambert,
Brooke Lamothe, James Lanaghan, K Landgraf, Renata Landgrafova, Chase
Landrey, Jason Lane, Samuel Lang, Andrew Lange, Helena Walther Lange,
Matthew Langerman-Toves, Lantz Stapleton, John LaPoint, Gustavo Lara,
Christophe Lariau-Labrée, Zak Larick, Lars E. Larsen, Robert Larsson, Eric
Latouche, Taylor Lauer, Laurent Maxime, Patrick Lawitzky, Kevin Lawton, Joe
Lazenby, Chris Le Long, guillaume Le seach, Joshua Leal, Max Lebedev,
Christopher Lee, Justin Lee, Simon Lee, SK Lee, Yune Lee, Colin Lees, Stardust
Legacy, Benjamin Legangneux, Oliver Leighton, Andrew Leimer, Benedict
Lelijveld, Jacob Lemmert, Courtney Lemon, Lenocinari, Leone Raffaele, Christian
Leonhard, Marika Lepp, Alexander Lew, Arthur Lewis, Mark Leymaster, Mike
Liberto, Amit Licht, Lucas Lieberman, Gabriel Lightly, Paul Lilley, Theon Lin,
Riley Lind, Dylan Lisoway, Danny Liston, Jona Littler, Triston Liu, Jonathan Lo,
Toby Locke, Maurizio Locusti, Thomas Lodge, Loeckher Andreas, Tilly & Murphy
Loki, J. Loman, Londero Benoit, Steven Long, Corey Longest, Sam Lonsdale,
Jesse Lopez, Andrew Lorenz, Victoria Lorenz, Loswaith, Cooper Love, Duncan
Lovell, Alex Lovesey, John Lovvorn, Jim Lowder, Richard Lowe, Vassil Lozanov,
Teng Lu, David Lucardie, Brandon Lucius, Ludlam Robin, Alec Lumme, Jacob
Lundgren, Adrian Luque, Evil Midnight Lurker, Evert Van de Lustgraaf, D
Lybarger, Jack Lynch, Collin Lyons, Jack Lyster, M, David M, Sven M, Adrian M.,
Simone Maccapani, Seamus MacDonald, Donald MacIntyre, Ian Mackie, James
Mackin, Lorisia MacLeod, Robert MacPherson, Adam Madejczyk, Mads Anton
Madsen, Runar Magnusson, Cody Mahan, Joseph Mahar, Neil Mahoney, Gabriel
Maia, Robert Mair, Nikolas Makasis, Shaun Makes, Francois Malherbe, Paul
Mallaney, Robert Malone, Davide Mancini, Michael Mandery, Anthony
Mannone, Ken Marable, Marcell Elo Petersen, Jason March, Paul Marenco, Maria
Isabel Muñoz Castro, B Mariana, Martijn Maring, Daniel Marjoram, David Marks,
Emma Marlow, Samuel Marlowe, Chad Maron, Jonathan Marqués “Calamar”
Mansilla, Andrew Martin, Brandy Martin, Sebastien Martin Alarie, MartinandLurin Christophe, Martinese Francesco, Daniel Martinez, David Martinez, Evan
Martinez, Marc Martinez, Matthew R. Martinez, Kaleton Martinson, Nikita
Martynov, Mitchell Maslin, Alexandre Massie, Robert Masterson, Joshua Mathes,
Samantha Mathews, Jonas Bilgrav Mathiasen, Mathieu Robichaud, Trey Mathis,
Dave Matney, Jesse Matonak, Brett Matschke, James Matson, Rob Matteson,

Matthew Bongers, Austin Matthews, Jason Mavor, Emily Maxwell, Steven May,
Denise Maya, Zachary Mayer, Isaac Mayes, Anthony Mc Auley, Donald P. MC1
Rule, Adam McAteer, Travis McCann, Kyle McCardle, Brannan McClary, Andrew
Mccormack, Blake McCormack, Haley McDonald, Brian W McDowell, Daniel
McElwain, William McEwan, Laura McGahey, Carl McGar, Warren McGaw,
Matthew McGonis, Matt McGovern, Ryan McGrath, Robert McInnes, Simon
McIntosh, Rob McKavanagh, TJ McKay, James McKenzie, Cary McKinney, Finley
McLaren, Michael McLaughlin, Drew McLean, Ross McLellan, James McManus,
Zachary McMillan, Phillip McMullan, Brad McMullen, Patrick McMurry, Sean
McNamara, Tom McNulty, Andre McWu, Otto Meadors, Meehan Shaun,
Michael Meek, Michael Melendez, David Mello, Mellor Annakhai, Danny
Mendoza, Connor Menghini, Stefanie Menk, Aditya Menon, James Mercer,
Michael Merchant, Karri Meriläinen, Adrian Merino, Jimmy Meritt, Ben Messer,
Alexandra Metz, Arno Meyer, Jace Meyer-Crosby, Brian Meyers, Michael,
Michael Skelton, Nicole Michalak, Andrea Micozzi, Mígueh, Lucas Miguel, Randy
Milam, Stephen Milburn, Marc MILEUR LE PLAINE, Aaron Miller, Joshua Miller,
Michael Miller, Edward Milnes, Christopher Milton, Ben Minarelli, Leandro
Miranda, V Misra, Charles Mitchell, Moerill, Justin Molaison, Joseph Molloy,
Frank Molnar, Matthew Monagon, Quentin Monfrays, Lache Mooney, Aaron
Moore, Jak Moore, Felipe Moraes, Jordi Moreno, Nate Morgan-Jones, Kaelus
Moriian, Morten gabrielsen, Holden Morter, Jake Mott, Thomas Mouratille,
moxou, Jun Moyano, M Mr, Janine Sorsha Mueller, Nick Mulherin, Sebastian
Müller, Corto Munchausen, Bob Mungovan, Luch Muñoz, Jesús Muñoz, Donal
Murphy, Sarah Murphy, Murphy Declan, Andrew Murtha, Tasty Music, John
Mynaugh, Marte Myrvold, Branden Naccarato, Rafael Nader, Karthik Nair,
Dushanthan Nanthakumar, Napoli Roberto, Yuoston Nasat, Irene Nasyrova,
Navert, Brandon Nay-Jewell, Blake Neal, Pete Neale, Matthew Neely, Andreas
Nelson, Craig Nelson, Avraham Nemoy, Nerdhogg, Neroni Federico, Jennifer
Neudorf, Franziska Neugebauer, Josh Neveu, Nathan Newman, Nate Ng, Khang
Nghe, John Nguyen, Nick Needlebones, Anita Nielsen, Hector Nieves, Joyce
Nigaglioni, Charles Nikolic, Nitewolf, Dan Nitz, Daniel Noah, Robert Nolan,
Chris Nolan-Rennie, Lea Nolette, Ben Norfield, Zachary Norton, Adam Norwick,
Elliot Norwood, Candi and Chris Norwood, Wolvi Nou, Erik Novak, Maya
Novakova, Stefano Novara, Kyle Novich, Roddy Novogradac, Piotr Nowak,
Andre Vo Nyseth, John O’Dell, Bobby O’Donnell, David Oase, Kyle Oathout,
Jaime O’Brien, Patrick O’Bryan, Ray Ocampo, Liam O’Connell, “Risque” Troy
ODell, Jan Odio, Kyle O’Donnell, Eric Oestrich, then Okay, Leighland Okey,
Andres Olan-Vazquez, Marcus Oliveira, Chadwick Oliver, Oliver Miller, Olivier
AL, Cory Olson, G. Olson, Steve Onotsky, Mark Orapello, Matt Orban,
Kickstarter Orko, Jaime Gabriel Oropeza Borja, Jay O’Rourke, Noah Ortiz, Marco
Orts, Ewelina Orwat, Morten Østergaard, Derik Ostrom, Ottaviano De Cicco,
Nicholas Overgaauw, William Owen, Sophia Owens, John B. Owens II, Özdilek
Doğukan, P, Jasa Paavolainen, Kevin Packard, Trevor Page, Pagnini Marco, Brian
Paljug, Travis Palm, Velian Pandeliev, Nicholas Panico, Elijah Paquerette,
Christopher Park, James Park, Richard Parks, Brad Parrish, Travis Parrott,
Matthew Parsons, X Partay, Mark Partington, Cameron Partsch, Pass Pass, Kai
Passchier, Jordan Pasternack, pater nick, Ajtony Patkó, Matt Patrick, Scott
Patterson, Jeffery Patton, Patrick Garrett Pavesi, Heath Payne, Justin Peckham,
Jesper Pedersen, Troels Pedersen, Pedro Carrillo, Kenny Peebles, Tim Peele,
Pejeau Galen, Nicholas Pellegrino, Pelletier Chase, Raul Pena Fernandez,
Matthew Pennington, Graham Penny, Matthew Penrose, Hugo Perez, Fabricio
Pérez-Fernández, Dan Perrine, Peter Griffith, David Peters, Jay Peters, Michael
and Victoria Peters, Peterson Charles, Peter Petrovich, Bryan Pfeiffer, Allen
Phelps, Alex Phenomen, Phichak Somdee, Philip Floyd, Newton Philis, Nigs
Phillips, Ross Phillips, Tobias Phillips, Luke Pickles, Royce Piels, Mitchel Pigsley,
Osku Piirainen, Susanna Pilny, Thomas Pine, Nick Pingel, Julien Pirou, Marcin
Piwek, Markus Plate, Cole Plewes, Elijah Podell, Brett Pointer, Trevor Polasek,
Ken Polezoes, Zachary Pollak, Karl Pomerleau, Ponte Victor, Ryan Pope, Jose
Porfirio, Purpose Porpoise, Sean Porter, Matthew Postema, Nicholas Potter, Kyle
Potysman, Jeremy Poulin, James Powell, Andrew Powers, Jo Powers, Alexander
Prang, Jason Preston, Vojtech Pribyl, Neall Price, Taylor Probets, Jason Pryor,
Michael Putorti, Trevor Quachri, Rodrigo Quaresma, Quarzis, Quin Chris,
Michael Quinn, Mark R, R. J. Scott McKenzie, Joel Raaska, Alexander Raban,
Mason Raburn, Derik Radcliffe, tomos Radford, Raffles, Ashwath Raghuram,
Lyndel Raiford, Sara-Jane Raines, Peter Rainey, Damien Ramezani, Ramon
Balaguer Guillen, Andy Ramos, Eric Ramos, Mike Rapin, Timothy Rascher,
Gregory Rash, Frédérik Rating, Rayner Jack, Raynor Reynolds, Stephen Reading,
alex Redenbaugh, Frank Reding, Jeremy Redmond, Justin Reed, Nic Reel, James
Rees, Jillian Reid, Shaun Reid, T. Reid, David Reis, Eric Renner, Michael Renner,
Luke Renz, Reto M. Kiefer, Jamie Revell, José Luis Rey Méndez, Chris Reyna,
Brandon Reynolds, Casson Reynolds, Riccardo Ricaboni, Mike Rice, Rice David,
Rice Doug, François Richard, Ryan Richard, Richard Farris, Richard Hellsten,
Richard J Rivera Mas, Ian Richardson, Mario Richer, Richie @ Restless Entropy
Games, Jessie Richman, Ian Richmond, Stéphane RICHY, Owen Ricker, Llama
Rideable, Alex Rifat, Rigal Thierry, Nick Rigano, Austin Riggs, Dennis Rintisch,
Joffre Rivera, Robert G. Male, Alice Roberts, Anthony Roberts, Joshua Roberts,
Mike Robilotti, Anthony Robinson, Cameron Robinson, Daniel Robinson,
Robinson Ashley, Robotzh8teme, Harriet Rocker, Nathan Rockwood, Nicole
Rodgers, Rodgers Aidan, Gus Rodrigues, Rafael Henrique Rodrigues da Silva,
Jacob T Rodriguez, Jonathan Rodriguez, Joseph Rodriguez, Noah Rodriguez,
Anthony Rohner, William Rood, Chris Rooney, Ethan Ropp, Martin Rosales, Erin
Rose, Jerrod Rose, Jesse Rosen, Effandy Roslan, Steve Ross, Taylor Ross,

Rotem Nuna, Kevin Roth, Alexander Rovner, MA Roxas, Andrew Royce,
rpgsamurai, John Rusch, Tyler Rushford, Moisés Rusillo Lozano, Joey Ruskin,
Adam Russell, David Rutherford, Paul Ryan, Paul Ryan, Torrey Ryan, Ryan
Schmid, Karol Rybaltowski, Thaddeus Ryker, Jon S, Khajen S Raj Kumar,
Subarno Saha, Tony Saktiawan, Luis Sala, Rafael Sampayo, Steven Sanchez,
Jean Sánchez, Pablo Sancho, Alex Sand, Travis Sandidge, Anton Sandin, Icaro
Santos, Ryan Sapp, Max Sargent, Aarón Sarrión, Marcelo Sarsur, Samuel
Sauvageau, Paul Sauvola, Martin Savill, Kyle Sawyer, John Scammell, Andy
Schachter, Owen Schaefer, Thomas Schaefer, Greg Schiestl, Stefan Schlichting,
Tobias Schlosser, Marc Schlütter, Alex Schneider, Joern Schneider, Graeme
Scholtz, Thilo-Joris Schomaker, Ray Schreckengost, Gregory Schroeder,
Christopher Schultz, Kyle Schulz, Lucas Schulz, Rudi Schulz, Grant Schwartz,
Stephen Schweitzer, James Scott, Wolfe Scott, Grant Scowden, Neil Scruggs,
Kevin Seachrist, Sean Dragonborn, Sean Kelly, Secespitus, Jan Sedlák, Michael
Seghi, Matthew L. Seidl, Alex Seidner, Timur Seipel, David Semmes, Septembre
Gatien, Serhiienko Ivan, Freya Sessrúmnir, Patrick Sewell, Veryl Shadowbane,
Wu Shang Cheng, Thakshayini Shanthakumar, Tyler Sharp, Evans Shaw,
Shelkofsky Robert, John Shepard, Patrick Shepard, Paul Sheppard, Rob Shepps,
Ryan Sherman, Sherman Sheftall, Brett Shields, Jacob Shimek, Spencer
Shipman, Shisuferia Wei, Garry Shortland, Wahaj Siddiqui, Sieńko Emilia,
Shannon Sifrig, Joseph Silva, Aidan Silverwolf, Silvio Herrera Gea, Steve
Simenic, Scott Simmonds, Josh Simon, Simon Brunning, Simon Ward, Anthony
Simpson, Chloe Simpson, James Simpson, Ethan Sims, James Sims, Joshua Sims,
Matt Sims, Ty Sin, Paul Singleton, SK, Chris Skidmore, Chris Sleep, Keith
Sletten, Alex Sloan, Brent Sloper, Nimrod Slor Futterman, Joshua Slotnick, Zara
Sluys, Katherine Small, Chris Smit, Aaron Smith, Aaron Smith, Andrew Smith,
Celine Smith, Chillos Smith, Dakota Smith, Darin Smith, David Smith, Duncan
Smith, G. Smith, Greg Smith, Taché Smith, Wyatt Smith, Tim Smyth, Joshua
Snell, Christopher Snyder, Josué Pedro Soares, Hugo Solis, Renzo Solis, Ashley
Sollis, Kristopher Sommer, J.J. Sonday, Steffen Sørensen, William Southerland,
Danilo Souza, Alan Spadoni, John Spainhour, Allen Sparks, Danja Spichtig, Ryan
Spinney, Scarlett Springate, Jordan Springer, Daniel Spunaugle, Nicholas
Squires, Stacey Jamison, Andrea Stadtfeld, Sam Staggs, Noble D Stairs,
MaryAnne Stallworth, Elizabeth Stanley, Brian Stapleton, Andreas Starrsjö,
Dakota Steeves, Stefan Tannert und Franziska Kieper, William Stegall, Philip
Stein, Marie Steiner, Daniel Steinmann, Nathan Stemmler, Stephen Mercer,
Boyd Stephenson, David Stephenson, William Stephenson, Taylor Stetson,
Steven Tudor, Chad Stevens, Duncan Stewart, Josh Stewart, Matthew Stewart,
Nathan Stewart, Luke Stibbs, Marshall Stieler, Christopher Stilson, Ian Stith, Jon
Grythe Stødle, Lazar Stojkovic, Igor Stojković, Kris Stone, Lindsey Stone, James
Stoner, Peter Storm, Jeff Stratford, Mira Strengell, Jared Strickland, Stephen
Strickler, Micah Strong, Sinjun Strydom, Paul Stutvoet, Jim Stutz, Aksel Stysial,
Yu Tsai Su, Visvesvaran Subramanian, Nathan Sudkamp, Sean Sullivan, Jason
Sunday, Sanpat Suvarnadat, Svafa, Eliška Svobodová, Joe Sweeney, Scott
Sweeny, Doug Swoger, Sylvain Cousineau, Stephan Szabo, John Szasz, Nickolas
Szilagyi, Marco Szudra, Lesley Taihitu, Hiroshi Takase, Jake Talbot, Antonio
Tamayo, Tartaise Philippe, Boonyawee Taweepasas, Bobby Taylor, Donald
Taylor, Juhani Taylor, Peter Taylor, Ronald Taylor II, Albert Tecson, Ted Novy,
Alex Tehrani, JB ten Berg, Tyler Tenny, Terry Randle, Tez, Phillip Thach, Abha
Thakkar, Jacob Tharp, Rudy Thauberger, The Adventuring Guild, Gawine The
Blessed, Jason The Gentleman, Steven Thesken, Caleb Thibodeaux, Joseph

Thifault, Gert Thijs, Thivierge Zane, Gareth Thomas, Hoarau Thomas, Jeremy
Thomas, Paul Thomas, Samuel Thomas, Chris Thomas, Derek Thomassie, Chad
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, John Thompson, Mark Threlfall, Rick Thurston,
Matthew Tibbits, Catarina Tibério, Tideturner, Thien Duc Tien, Alex Tigwell,
Niko Tillmann, Tim Crowe, Tim Johnson, Timothy Walker, Steven Timpano,
Vito Timpski, Timstix, Erik Tiveskog, Pierre To, Nathan Tobin, Zachary Todd,
Todd Parsons, Johannes Toepfer, Juri Tokarski, Jim Toledo, Christian ToledoPeluso, Tomanek Mateusz, Gimenez Rioja Tomas, James Tomazos, Georg
Tomitsch, Christopher Tomlinson, George Tomou, Joel Tone, Josue Torres,
Jonathan Tot, Trader Sean, Nicole Trainor, David Tran, John Trapasso, Jonathan
Trew, Triton Tessa, TrollDM, Lacey Troutt, Troy Rein, Rina Tru, Rogerio Truite,
John Tschampel, Jesse Tuason, Mike Tucker, Elliot Tullis, Michael Tully, Turchetto
Dario, Ethan Turco, Devon Turi, Ashraf Turki, Aiden Turner, Nathan Turner, Scott
Turner, Tyler Nixon, Tzeentchian, Alexander Tzelepis, George Tziallis, Reto
Ughini, Scott Uhls, Mitchell Ullrich, Aeryk Ulmer, Robert Underwood, Josh
Undlin, Brandon Uribe, Nathan Usselman, Klo Utley, Bas Uytterhoeven-Spark,
Gergely Vadas-Bedő, Marianne Vadney, Blake Vaisey, Iramis Valentin, Michael
Valoon, Rogier van de Blaak, Stefan van den Berg, Max van Hooren, Nigel van
Leeuwen, Jamie Van Lengen, Dan Van Wormer, Chayne Vande Zande, Rafael
Vanin, Quest Vankirk, James VanZile, Rachel Vardanega, Johnny Vargas, Trenton
Vartabedian, Antonio Vasquez, Noah Vasquez, William Velasquez, Luis Velazquez,
Steven Velte, John Venner, Russell Ventimeglia, Orianna Verryn, Jerry Versace,
Alexis Victor, Thea Vik, John Vikør Green, Nick Villarama, Christopher Villerot,
Vincent Girard-David, Louis Virgilio, William Visco, Reza Vojdani, Boris Volk,
Christopher Von Wilczur, Tim Voves, Alexander Vrtis, Adric Waddell, Jeremie
Wade, Caitlin Walker, Forrest Walker, James Walker, Patrick Walker, Rachael
Walker, Cole Wallace, Ed Wallace, Jim Wallace, Katie Wallis Chapman, Hunter
Wallraff, Mark Walsh, Sean Walter, Damien Walz, Andrew Ward, Max Ward, Cole
Warren, Daniel Warren, Warrick Voyzey, Dan Wasmer, Rupert Waters, Brittney
Watson, Dylan Watson, Gary Watson, Lloyd Watson, Steven Watson, Lucas
Watson, Watts Garry, Zachary Wease, Ben Weaver, Claude Weaver, Mike
Weaver, Murray Webb, Robert Webb, Ryan Webb, Tim Webb, Abbey-Taylor
Weber, Eric Weber, Melani Weber, Robert Weedall, Yorick Weenen, Brian
Weibeler, Will Weigand, Hagen Weigelt, Dan Weiss, Benjamin Welke, Richard
Welker, Judy Wen, Nicola Went, Jan Wessels, Frank Westholt, Ashryver
Westwind, Zack Wharton, Jamie Wheeler, Christopher Whibley, Kevin Whitaker,
Brandon Whitby, James Whitchurch, Ezekiel Whiteside, Zach Whiteside, Michael
Whitley, james Whitney, Anthony Wicker, Jay Wicks, Vincent Hadi Wijaya, Jack
Wilcox, Evan Wilke, Jamal Wilkins, Joshua Wilkins, Drew Will, Will Reynolds,
William K., Carey Williams, Jacob Williams, John Williams, Keith Williams, Michael
Williams, Ryan Williams, Dominic Williams, Aidan Williamson, Eric Williamson,
Colin Wilson, Parker Wimberly, Iris Windham, Andrew Winkler, Skye Winter, Rich
Wishon, Adam Witt, Wojtkowicz cole, Cody Wolf, Timothy Wolfe, Steven Wong,
Eric Wood, Paul Woodard, Peter Woodson, Sylwanin Woodsoul, james
woodward, Jay Woollard, Mark A. Worcester, Nathan Wormer, Mitchell
Wortham, Jonathan Wozak, Cassandra Lucifera Wrey, Andrew Wright, Damon Z.
Wright, Ian Wright, Randall Wright, Wright S. Johnson, Isaac Wurmbrand,
Sebastian Wysocki, Howard Yan, Karthik Yarlagadda, chen yi, Anon Ymous, Brian
Yoder, Ben Young, Bobby Young, Ty Young, Youri Vandevelde, Stanislav Zabielin,
Krzysztof Zając, Gilbert Zamora, Zack Zampino, Tomas Zartman, Jillian Zaski,
John Zhang, Clinton Zillman, Ryan Zimmerman, Kristina Zimmermann, Mirko
Zimmermann, Chris Zito, Daïna ZOC, Babis Zotos, James Zuber

Creative Commons Artwork
Achenbach, Andreas. Clearing Up, Coast of Sicily. 1847. Walters Art Museum. 19 Sept. 2019.
Church, Frederic Edwin. Aurora Borealis. 1865. Smithsonian American Art Museum. 19 Sept. 2019.
Church, Frederic Edwin. Mt. Ktaadn. 1853. Yale University Art Gallery. 19 Sept. 2019.
Church, Frederic Edwin. The Aegean Sea. Circa 1877. Metropolitan Museum of Art. 19 Sept. 2019.
Church, Frederic Edwin. The Wreck. 1852. The Parthenon (United States). 19 Sept. 2019.
Church, Frederic Edwin. Tropical Scenery. 1873. Brooklyn Museum. 19 Sept. 2019.
Cole, Thomas. The Course of Empire: Destruction. 1836. New York Historical Society. 19 Sept. 2019.
Cole, Thomas. The Course of Empire: Desolation. 1836. New York Historical Society. 19 Sept. 2019.
Cole, Thomas. The Course of Empire: The Arcadian or Pastoral State. 1834. New York Historical Society. 19 Sept. 2019.
Cole, Thomas. The Course of Empire: The Consummation of Empire. 1836. New York Historical Society. 19 Sept. 2019.
Cole, Thomas. The Course of Empire: The Savage State. 1834. New York Historical Society. 19 Sept. 2019.
De Heem, Jan Davidsz. Vase of Flowers. Circa 1660. Mauritshuis. 19 Sept. 2019.
Herzog, Hermann Ottomar. Storm in the Mountains. Unknown Date. Private Collection. 19 Sept. 2019.
Ibbetson, Julius Caesar. A Storm on the Isle of Wight. 1790s. Cleveland Museum of Art. 19 Sept. 2019.
Lorrain, Claude. Seaport with the Embarkation of the Queen of Sheba. 1648. National Gallery. 19 Sept. 2019.
Martin, John. Destruction of Pompeii and Herculaneum. Circa 1821. Tate Britain. 19 Sept. 2019.
Martin, John. Destruction of Tyre. 1840. Toledo Museum of Art. 19 Sept. 2019.
Martin, John. Joshua Commanding the Sun to Stand Still. Circa 1840. Yale Center for British Art. 19 Sept. 2019.
Martin, John. Le Pandemonium. 1841. Louvre Museum. 19 Sept. 2019.
Miola, Camillo. The Oracle. 1880. The J. Paul Getty Museum. 19 Sept. 2019. Digital image courtesy of the Getty's Open Content Program.

OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a
The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is
Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc ("Wizards"). All Rights Reserved.
1. Definitions: (a)"Contributors" means the copyright and/or trademark
owners who have contributed Open Game Content; (b)"Derivative
Material" means copyrighted material including derivative works and
translations (including into other computer languages), potation,
modification, correction, addition, extension, upgrade, improvement,
compilation, abridgment or other form in which an existing work may
be recast, transformed or adapted; (c) "Distribute" means to reproduce,
license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d)"Open Game Content" means the game mechanic
and includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to the
extent such content does not embody the Product Identity and is an
enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly
identified as Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any
work covered by this License, including translations and derivative
works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity.
(e) "Product Identity" means product and product line names, logos and
identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents,
language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats,
poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual
or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells,
enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special
abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical
or supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs;
and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly identified as
Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically excludes the Open Game Content; (f) "Trademark" means the
logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a Contributor
to identify itself or its products or the associated products contributed
to the Open Game License by the Contributor (g) "Use", "Used" or
"Using" means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format, modify, translate
and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open Game Content. (h)
"You" or "Your" means the licensee in terms of this agreement.
2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that
contains a notice indicating that the Open Game Content may only be
Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix such a notice
to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added
to or subtracted from this License except as described by the License
itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open Game
Content distributed using this License.
3. Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License.
4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this
License, the Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty‑free, non‑exclusive license with the exact terms of this License to
Use, the Open Game Content.
5. Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing
original material as Open Game Content, You represent that Your
Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient
rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.

6. Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT
NOTICE portion of this License to include the exact text of the
COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying,
modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright
date, and the copyright holder's name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of
any original Open Game Content you Distribute.
7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity,
including as an indication as to compatibility, except as expressly
licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of each
element of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark or Registered Trademark
in conjunction with a work containing Open Game Content except as
expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner
of such Trademark or Registered Trademark. The use of any Product
Identity in Open Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the
ownership of that Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity
used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in
and to that Product Identity.
8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must
clearly indicate which portions of the work that you are distributing are
Open Game Content.
9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish
updated versions of this License. You may use any authorized version
of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game Content
originally distributed under any version of this License.
10. Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with
every copy of the Open Game Content You Distribute.
11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the
Open Game Content using the name of any Contributor unless You
have written permission from the Contributor to do so.
12. Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of
the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Open Game
Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental regulation then
You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.
13. Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail
to comply with all terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30
days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses shall survive the
termination of this License.
14. Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.
15. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Open Game License v 1.0a Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, LLC.
System Reference Document 5.1 Copyright 2016, Wizards of the
Coast, Inc.; Authors Mike Mearls, Jeremy Crawford, Chris Perkins,
Rodney Thompson, Peter Lee, James Wyatt, Robert J. Schwalb, Bruce
R. Cordell, Chris Sims, and Steve Townshend, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.
END OF LICENSE

EVen the Gods are Bound
by Oaths & Prophecies...
At the dawn of time, a war between gods and titans left the landscape of Thylea forever
changed. Thousands of years later, the first mortals arrived, carried by ship and dragon.
The Dragonlords were the champions who overthrew the Titans 500 years ago and forged the
Oath of Peace. But the power of the Oath has waned, and now the Titans seek vengeance.
You are one of the heroes called by prophecy to end the conflict once and for all.
Poets will sing of your deeds for centuries to come... if you survive.

Odyssey of the Dragonlords is an epic fantasy campaign for the 5th Edition of the world’s
greatest roleplaying game. The adventure is set on the lost continent of Thylea, which is
inspired by the greatest legends from Greek mythology.
• The World of Thylea. Includes dozens of
awe-inspiring locations, including cities,
dungeons, and islands. Sail the oceans,
win fame and fortune, and discover
secrets lost since the dawn of time!

• New Class Archetypes. Includes exciting
new spells and archetypes for all twelve of
the core 5th Edition classes. Experience
the power of the greatest heroes from
Greek mythology!

• Choose Your Epic Path. Includes eight
epic paths for players to choose from.
Epic paths provide powerful motivations
for your hero, making you a central part
of the story.

• New Player Races. Includes rules for
six new playable races native to Thylea:
nomadic centaurs, cursed medusae,
fearsome minotaurs, beautiful nymphs,
mischievous satyrs, and winged sirens!

This adventure will take a party of four to six heroes from 1st to 15th level and beyond.
The adventure requires the core 5th Edition rulebooks to play.

Printed in Lithuania
Product Code: MUH051946
ISBN: 978-1-912743-40-7

9 781912 743407

