Welcome to Odyssey of the Dragonlords. This booklet
will provide you with everything you need to run an epic
campaign in the forgotten land of Thylea.
Odyssey of the Dragonlords is heavily inspired by
stories from ancient Greek mythology. As we designed
the campaign, we sought to include ideas from many
different sources: The Odyssey, The Iliad, Jason and the
Argonauts, The Oresteia, and others. However, Thylea is
not ancient Greece. You will not find Zeus, Athena, or
Apollo among the gods.
As you explore Thylea, you will encounter familiar
tropes, monsters, and treasures from Greek mythology but the rules are different here. Mortals have
only recently come to these lands. The world of Thylea
blends high fantasy with the trappings of ancient history. Elves, dwarves, and halflings now live alongside
minotaurs, centaurs, and satyrs.
Our goal is to make your party feel like heroes from
one of the greatest stories ever told but the ultimate
end of that story is entirely within your power. Your
players will make choices that forever change the world
of Thylea. As the gamemaster, we encourage you to
embrace this idea and run with it. How will your players
reshape history and what does it mean to be a hero?

The city of Mytros is under attack by a colossal silver dragon, while two
heroes prepare to save the city. The Oracle has prophesied the Doom
of Thylea: the destruction of Mytros and the death of the gods. Who
will rise to save the forgotten land?

An Amazonian warrior from the island
of Themis watches from the trees.
She wields her curved kopis sword in
one hand while tending to her bronze
automaton stimfay bird with the other.

For thousands of years, the Titans were the lords of this land.
The Dragonlords drove back their armies, then fell to Sydon's hand.
Five Gods from the heavens came, as the Oracle had foreseen.
And a sacred oath was sealed with the blood of the Silver Queen.
Five hundred years have passed, but the peace has been in vain.
The time has come for war in Thylea once again.

Oaths and Curses
Mythic heroes are often bound to their quest by powerful oaths. Oaths are inviolable sacred vows that are
sworn only in the most serious of circumstances. Oaths
have a powerful, far reaching effect on society. They
may create peace between the gods, promote unbreakable fellowships, and even instigate bloody wars.
No mortal of sound mind would ever dare break
an oath, lest they be afflicted by terrible curses. To be
cursed by the gods is to be cursed by the land itself.
Food turns to dust in the mouths of those who are
cursed. Harpies peck out their eyes, and their souls are
dragged screaming into the Underworld.
For this reason, even the bravest of heroes fear the
consequences of breaking an oath. The gods, on the
other hand, are literally incapable of breaking their
oaths, for they are made from the same magic that binds
and enforces them.

Fame and Hubris
All great heroes seek to increase their fame. This may
sound like vanity, but within a mythic context, fame is
essential to achieving one's goals. Famous heroes may
summon warriors to their aid, influence the opinions of
the masses, and even demand audiences with the gods.

Though seeking it may shorten one's life, fame is the
most direct route to immortality.
But the danger of increasing one's fame is hubris.
Excessive pride, or hubris, leads to the downfall and
destruction of many famous heroes who overestimate
their abilities or who underestimate the gods.

Fate and Prophecy
Mythic heroes are subject to the forces of fate and
prophecy in equal measure. Fate directs the lives of both
gods and mortals, and though she is the greatest of all
mysteries, she is also cruel to those who defy her. The
greatest gift she gives us is the gift of prophecy.
Prophecies reveal paths that would otherwise be
hidden to us paths which allow us to rise to our fate,
rather than be destroyed by it. Such paths are often dangerous, and walking them may seem like madness, but
that is the task of the mythic hero. To dismiss prophecy
and spurn one's fate is hubris of the highest order.

Comedy and Tragedy
In the end, the story of a mythic hero falls into one of
two categories. Those who win fame by rising to their
fate and honoring their oaths may be forced to make
tragic sacrifices, but they will be happier in the end. On
the other hand, those who turn from fate, break their
oaths, and curse the gods will meet tragic endings, even
if their lives are happier in the short run.
In other words, mythic heroism means rising to the
challenges that fate throws at you, even when the gods
themselves work against you. It means losing yourself in
the wilderness for decades, only to return in glory when
your enemies least expect it. It also means betraying
your loved ones, overthrowing rightful kings because of
petty grievances, and discovering that you were a pawn
of prophecy all along.
Mythic heroes do not lead easy lives, but they do lead
dramatic ones. It's not just the victories that make their
adventures memorable it's the failures, also.

THE WORLD OF THYLEA

Thylea is located across a great expanse of ocean, far
beyond the borders of the known world. It is a land
of great beauty and ancient splendor, untouched and
unspoiled by civilization since the dawn of time.
Thylea is sometimes called 'the Lost Land. ' It has a
large central landmass which tapers into peninsulas
surrounded by hundreds of islands. Beyond that, on all
sides a clear expanse of ocean called the Forgotten Sea
stretches for a thousand miles in every direction.
Sprawling ruins, glittering lagoons, and massive
statues dot Thylea's landscape. Great beasts wander
her plains, and fey creatures haunt her woods. Centaur
tribes war for control on the steppes, and reptilian savages battle across her islands. Although Thylea is a land
with a long history, most of it has been lost.
At the heart of the archipelago the Mother Goddess,
in the form of a colossal world tree, watches over her
creation. She is also called Thylea, and her true name is
lost to time. Her children are Sydon and Lutheria, the
Twin Titans, who dwell in the far reaches of the ocean.
They are the masters of everything under the endless
expanse of the sky.

THE HISTORY OF THYLEA
Arrival of Mortals
In the centuries before the founding of Mytros, mortals
had no dominion over the untamed lands of Thylea.
When elves, dwarves, and humans washed up on
Thylea's shores, their weapons failed them, and their
magic ceased to work. They were forsaken by their gods,
forced to live as beggars among the fey races.
Curious about these strange refugees, the nymphs and
satyrs offered them hospitality, and many small settlements were founded. The centaurs, however, offered
them no quarter, and the cyclopes were known to
devour men whole. Life in Thylea was short and brutal
for the so called 'trespassers' from foreign lands.
During this era, the Twin Titans wielded great powers,
unlike anything seen since the dawn of time. Sydon
was venerated as the Lord of Storms. He could conjure
apocalyptic storms with his right hand and cataclysmic
earthquakes with his left hand. His sister wife Lutheria
held dominion over the land of dreams, and her voice
was said to give life to the dead.
Fearing eradication, the desperate mortal settlers built
shrines to Sydon and held feasts in Lutheria's honor.
Thousands of sacrifices were dedicated to the Lord of
Storms, and libations of wine were poured to the Lady of
Dreams at every meal. The twins were at first unswayed
but, over time, they warmed to the persistent worship of
the hapless settlers.
In exchange for this devotion, the Titans offered the
mortals oaths of protection, which shielded them from

Arrival of the Dragonlords
One fateful day, a flight of powerful bronze dragons
arrived on Thylea's shores, each bearing a great champion from the Old World. These were the legendary
warriors known as the Dragonlords, and they heralded
an upheaval that would forever change the history of
the Forgotten Land.
Within just a few years of their arrival, many small
cities were founded, and a half dozen small kingdoms
sprang up along the roads of the western reaches. The
Dragonlords founded powerful dynasties, and the
humble mortals who had once lived in terror of the
Titans now abandoned their temples and stood tall.
The Dragonlords were symbols of hope for a beleaguered people. Whenever any mortal settlement was
razed to the ground by roving centaurs and cyclopes,
the Dragonlords would repay the attackers in kind.
Through harsh winters, blistering summers, and relentless assaults by the native races, the Dragonlords fought
tirelessly, and the people of Thylea persevered.
Everywhere the dragons were greeted with shouts of
adulation. When spotted flying overhead, they would
be hailed as saviors, and great songs and feasts would
be held in their honor. They were radiant to behold,
bronze scales gleaming like fire. To be visited by one of
the dragons was to be blessed, and nowhere was more
blessed than the City of Mytros.
But the great powers that ruled Thylea grew jealous. Sydon and Lutheria, the Twin Titans, immortal
children of the mother goddess, amassed great armies
to eradicate the city. The Dragonlords responded by
gathering all the mortals in Thylea into a united assault
on the native races, and so began the First War.
The First War
The histories of the First War are vague, having been
passed down through the centuries in the form of decaying scrolls and tapestries. What is known for certain is
that the native races were driven into exile. The centaurs
retreated into the steppes, while the satyrs fled into the
forests. The Gygans, an ancient civilization of cyclopes,
were annihilated, leaving behind the crumbling ruins of
their fallen cities.
The cost of victory was great: by the time the war
ended, the last of the dragons had been killed defending the city they loved most. Although the Dragonlords
are remembered as the great heroes of this age, their
noble dragons came to be equally venerated as guardian spirits. The blood of their sacrifice is woven into
the stones of Mytros, and to this day the city is said to
glow radiant bronze at sunset.
Perhaps most miraculous of all, however, was the
appearance of the Five Gods. These immortal figures
descended from heaven when the tide had turned against
the Dragonlords. Some have claimed that they were manifestations of Thylea's own desire to protect her immigrant children. They took the form of mortal men and
women, but their eyes were alight with the fire of divinity.
Don't Spoil the Twist.
The people of Thylea do not know the true nature of the
Five Gods. Only the gods know it, and they are forbidden
to talk about it by the Oath of Peace. The story finale
includes a major twist where the Five Gods return to their
true forms. Don't spoil this epic moment for your players.

Each of these new gods manifested some portion of
the power that had once belonged to the Titans. Pythor,
the Lord of Battle, took command of the centurions of
Mytros and, after many gruesome battles, the armies
of the native races were broken. When the final spear
had been thrust into the heart of the Gygan King, the
Five Gods fell into a torpor, apparently to recover their
strength. The city, it seemed, was safe.
But Sydon and Lutheria swore vengeance. The mountains shook, the seas boiled with rage, and spine chilling
nightmares descended upon the mortal armies. Such
was the anger of the Titans that their retaliation threatened to sunder the very foundations of Thylea.
In the end, Mytros, the goddess of dawn, sacrificed
herself and ascended once more to the heavens in order
to rescue her beloved city from destruction.

The Oath of Peace
Having lost their mounts, the Dragonlords commissioned a fleet of warships and took to the seas. The
greatest of these ships was called the Ultros, captained
by one Estor Arkelander. He is said to have sailed into
the very depths of the underworld where Lutheria sleeps
upon her diamond throne. The other Dragonlords are
said to have ascended Phraxys, the Tower of Sydon,
where the Lord of Storms watches all.
Many songs are sung of the trials and troubles of the
Dragonlords, but few can say what actually transpired
during their final journey into the perils of the Forgotten
Sea. The priests of Mytros watched for signs of the
impending apocalypse. On the night of the winter solstice, when Thylea's doom seemed near, the boiling seas
suddenly calmed and the nightmares ended.
Some days later, a black ship sailed into the harbor of
Mytros, carrying the bodies of many of the Dragonlords.
The ship was captained by Damon, a powerful wizard
who had served the Dragonlords during the First War.
He was mortally wounded, but he uttered not a single
word. He delivered three precious items to the Temple
of the Five, and then vanished in his ship, along with the
bodies and arms of his fallen masters.
One of the items that Damon carried was a scroll of
parchment, upon which was written the Oath of Peace.
This Oath was cause for great celebration. Sydon and
Lutheria had sworn not to take vengeance upon the
mortals of Thylea for a period of 500 years, provided
that daily sacrifices to the Titans should resume, and
that their temples should be maintained and honored.

The Present Day
The Oath of Peace has prevailed for 500 years and,
throughout this age, the mortals of Thylea have flourished. The City of Mytros grew into a great metropolis,
and it has been protected by the twin Colossi, beacons
of civilization on the shores of a dark frontier. More
settlers came from beyond the Forgotten Sea, and the
ranks of humans, dwarves, and elves grew. The remaining Dragonlords became kings and established dynasties
to rule over the new cities that were founded across the
land. As the worship of the Five spread, so also did their
power over the land and oceans grow, until every village
boasted shrines to Volkan and Pythor, and the dominion
of Sydon and Lutheria was nearly forgotten.
The Five Gods loved their people and made sure to
walk amongst them whenever they could.
While five centuries may seem like an eternity, the
time now grows near where this period of peace must
finally come to an end.

The Oracle's Prophecy
With the imminent end of the Oath of Peace, the Oracle
has prophesied the Doom of Thylea: the death of the
gods, the destruction of the sacred tree, and the total
annihilation of all mortal races.
Players in this campaign will take on the role of a group
of heroes who have been summoned to the Temple of the
Oracle in an attempt to avert this catastrophe.

Adventurers who explore the oceans of their world
to their farthest reaches will eventually discover the
Maelstrom: a terrifying region of hurricanes, whirlpools, and jagged rocks. Drunken sailors often boast of
death defying encounters within the Maelstrom, but
none who have sailed its waters have ever returned.
Adventurers who brave the Maelstrom must spend
days battling storms, skirting whirlpools, and navigating
through treacherous shoals. The passage is so intense
that the crew is likely to be rendered unconscious.
Lucky adventurers will awaken in calmer waters, under
a cloudless sky a glittering green expanse known as the
Forgotten Sea.
The Forgotten Sea stretches for hundreds of miles
in every direction, and it boasts hundreds of islands.
Powerful ocean currents prevent ships from approaching
these islands, and any attempt to do so will cause a ship to
lose control and be smashed on a rocky shoreline.
Watchful sailors may glimpse strange things on
the islands: impossibly tall humans in fine clothing,
monstrous reptilian beasts, and great stone carvings
in the shape of human faces. Intrepid explorers will
eventually catch sight of a towering bronze colossus
shining brightly on the horizon. This beacon serves to
guide ships into the harbor of Mytros, the greatest city
in Thylea.

The Titans are divine powers native to Thylea. They
have existed since the dawn of time.
Thylea, Great Mother of All
Thylea is the namesake of the Lost Land. She takes the
form of a gargantuan tree on an island at the heart of the
Cerulean Gulf, and her followers believe that her roots
reach deep into the earth, binding the world together in
an eternal embrace. Thylea is believed to be a generous,
life giving goddess. The Druids of the Oldwood believe
that her will is communicated through the changing of
the seasons, rather than through words. Long winters,
for example, signal her displeasure, long summers are a
sign of her approval.
Kentimane, The Hundred Handed
Kentimane was the most powerful of the Titans. He is
believed to be both the husband and eternal guardian of
the Great Mother. Many references are found to him in
the poetry of the gygans and the centaurs, but few credible sources have survived the ravages of time.
Kentimane is usually depicted with one hundred
heads and one hundred hands.
Sydon, The Lord of Storms
Sydon is the Lord of the Oceans and all that flows from
them. He takes the form of a colossal, bearded man with
three eyes, and he carries a terrifying black glaive. He
surveys both land and water tirelessly, summoning storms
to punish those who displease him. Sydon is a jealous and
vengeful god who makes no allowances for the worship of
any god but himself or his sister wife, Lutheria.

Discovering the Lost Continent
Thylea may be found in almost any adventure setting. It
exists beyond the boundaries of all maps, and its location
is unknown to even the most experienced travelers.
Sailors often shipwreck here from other worlds.

Every temple in Thylea fears the wrath of Sydon.
Daily sacrifices are offered to him in every village, even
as the settlers continue their silent prayers to the Five.
Whenever thunder rolls through the skies of Thylea, you
can be sure that someone has provoked Sydon's anger.

Lutheria takes the form of a beautiful, black eyed woman
who sleepwalks through the underworld, greeting the
spirits of the dead. She carries a crystal scythe, which
she uses to harvest the souls of those who displeased her
in life. Lutheria commands her followers to live without
remorse, to drink, dance, and feast to their heart's desire,
because any day could be their last. She is a mother to
the fey races of Thylea, who she strongly favors.
Worship of Lutheria is rare among settlers, but she
is nevertheless honored with many feasts and festivals
because Sydon demands it. Whenever any drink is
poured, a libation must be made to Lutheria or else a
swift punishment is sure to follow.

The Five Gods are widely celebrated as the settlers' favored
gods. With the exception of Mytros, they are not heaven dwelling deities but familiar faces who walk among
their people. They have been known to take mortal husbands and wives, rule over cities, and sire demi god children. They helped the Dragonlords and the mortal races
to defeat Sydon and Lutheria during the First War. For
centuries, they have blessed the mortal races, protecting
them from tyrannical domination by Sydon and Lutheria.
Shrines to the Five gods can be found in nearly every
settler household. Prayers to the Five must be accompanied by the sign against the evil eye to ward off the
jealous gaze of Sydon and Lutheria.
Mytros, The Goddess of Dawn
Mytros, called by some the 'Silver Queen' is the most
benevolent of the Five Gods and the patron goddess
of the most important kingdom in Thylea. She is
widely credited with the survival of the city during
the destruction and aftermath of the First War, and
she is said to appear to her priests as a warrior queen
clad in shimmering golden armor. Having ascended to
the heavens after a cataclysmic battle with Sydon and
Lutheria, she no longer walks among mortals. She is
the most powerful of the Five Gods, and the source of
most priestly magic in Thylea.
Volkan, The God of Forges
Not much is known about Volkan except that he is the
husband of Mytros. He concerns himself with artifice
and crafting and is primarily worshipped by dwarves,
smiths, and wizards. He is depicted as an elderly and
wise looking man (and sometimes as a dwarf ). He is
rumored to travel through the Heartlands on the winter
solstice, distributing toys and sweets to children.

The goddess of dawn took her name from the city she
loved. She died protecting Mytros during the First War
and ascended to the heavens. We humble priests still draw
upon the power of her magic.
A son of Mytros and Volkan, Pythor appeared to the
settlers during the First War and fought tirelessly
against the centaurs and gygans that threatened to
overwhelm the city of Mytros. His praises were sung
for centuries after, and he is said to have walked among
the settlers in mortal guise, taking women to his bed
and fathering demi god children. A few centuries ago
he became the king of the city of Estoria when he overthrew a mad tyrant.
Vallus, The Goddess of Wisdom
Vallus is revered as the goddess of wisdom and beauty,
and she is believed to know as much about Thylea's
history as Sydon and Lutheria. She was once known to
travel far and wide, surveying ancient ruins and collecting lore concerning the origins of the land and the
fey races. Prayers are offered to Vallus when guidance
is needed and information is scarce. She is the oldest
daughter of Mytros and, in many ways, she has inherited
her mother's legacy, serving as both queen and patron
goddess to the city.

Kyrah, The Goddess of Music
Kyrah is revered as the trickster goddess of music and
poetry. She is the swiftest of all the gods, capable of disappearing in the blink of an eye and she can travel great
distances with each step. Her voice is said to be more
beautiful than any musical instrument. There are very
few shrines to her, except among bards, who revere her
as the Muse.

THE MORTAL KINGDOMS
The Kingdom of Mytros
The city of Mytros was the first settlement founded by
the Dragonlords. It was protected by the Goddess of
Dawn and grew into a mighty kingdom after the end of
the First War. It is the largest city in all of Thylea and the
center of commerce, religion, and politics. The Great
Games are held outside of the city once a year. The
Temple of the Five stands at the center of the city, but
in recent years the worship of Sydon has been growing
in popularity. The Titan now has his own grand temple
that stands across the street from the Temple of the Five.
Mytros is ruled by the mighty King Acastus, the last
true descendant of the Dragonlords. Acastus is revered
across all of Thylea and he is the husband of Queen
Vallus, the wisest of the Five Gods. Through some
miraculous feat of magic, he has recently resurrected the
race of dragons, which were thought to be extinct since
the end of the First War. He now seeks to rebuild the
ancient order of the Dragonlords and restore the city of
Mytros to its former glory.

The Kingdom of Estoria
Estoria is an ancient stronghold that has resisted centuries of attacks by centaurs, cyclopes, manticores, and
other dangers which thrive on the steppes beyond the
Arkelon River. The king of Estoria is Pythor, the mightiest of the Five Gods. He rules from his palace at the
highest vantage point in the city.
From his throne, Pythor can survey the sprawling
farmlands of his kingdom to the south and watch vigilantly for any new threats that might emerge from the
north. Although the Estorians are considered provincials by the people of Mytros, everyone knows that the
greatest warriors and adventurers of this age are forged
in the service of the Lord of Battle.

The Kingdom of Aresia
The kingdom of Aresia has long been a rival to the
kingdom of Mytros. The two cities have been engaged
in dozens of wars over the last several hundred years,
which are collectively known as the Aresian campaigns.
The reasons for the fighting vary, but one thing is certain: warriors on both sides seek glory in battle.
The warrior monks of the eastern shore are amongst
the most feared fighters in all of Thylea. Their children
begin training with spears from the day they take their
first steps, and every adult is required to serve in the
militia. Aresians spend their lives in pursuit of 'degrees'
in schools of martial philosophy, which have been
refined over many centuries of defending their borders.
Aresian warriors cultivate an air of rugged austerity
out of a sense of pride in their history, but it disguises
long hours spent on beauty rituals, poetry readings,
and decadent feasting. The most powerful families in
Aresia are those which take the greatest pains to appear
ascetic eating unspiced gruel and wearing little to
nothing in public, while lavishing fine foods and luxurious garments on their servants in paradoxical and
conspicuous displays of wealth. The highest caste warriors make a point of leading lifestyles that most closely
resemble those of their hard pressed ancestors.

Barbarians of the Gulf
For millennia before the coming of the Dragonlords,
outsiders would occasionally wash up on the shores of
Thylea. These were usually shipwrecked explorers or
merchants who were blown far off course. Of all races
and nationalities, these people had to live in harmony
with the natives of Thylea. They formed tribes and
lived on the islands of the Cerulean Gulf. When the
Dragonlords came, these tribes fought with the natives
of Thylea against the newcomers. In present times the
barbarians are still looked upon with fear and distrust by
the civilized races. They are seen as being as dangerous
as the centaur tribes or fey creatures of the Oldwood.
The most feared of the barbarian tribes are the Amazons
that dwell upon the island of Themis.

FACTIONS OF THYLEA
The Temple of the Five
The Temple of the Five was one of the first buildings
constructed in the city of Mytros, and is the oldest civic
building there. Elected representatives from the districts of Mytros and her outlying villages form a council
that meets at the temple every new moon. However,
the pattern of civic life is increasingly dictated by the
Order of Sydon, who believe that the Temple of the Five
should be destroyed in order to appease the Titans. King
Acastus has taken no sides in this conflict, but the peace
is becoming precarious.

Centurions of Mytros
The city of Mytros conscripts a regular army of centurions to enforce the law of the land. The centurions
have a history that dates back to the First War, when
they followed Pythor into battle against the centaurs
and gygans. Although the centurions honor Mytros at
religious festivals, nearly every soldier prays openly to
Pythor, the god of battle. The highest ranking centurion
is King Acastus who commands the army and serves as
the final arbiter of justice for the city.

The Academy at Mytros
The Academy was formed centuries ago and is the
center of learning in Thylea. The great wizard Damon
was one of its founders, but it wasn't only an institution
for magical learning. It was also a place for philosophy and other intellectual pursuits. Now it consists of
many colleges devoted to the different schools of magic
(divination, evocation, etc.) and to safeguarding the lore
of Thylea. It is also a place where Thylea's interests in
theater, song, and other arts are encouraged.

The Druids of Oldwood
Deep within the Oldwood is a druid grove ringed by
monolithic stones. The druids of Oldwood are whiteclad men and women who wear laurels and wield oaken
staves. They worship the mother goddess Thylea, and
believe that the people of Mytros should never have settled
in her Heartlands. They perform a daily ritual sacrifice
to Thylea, hoping to atone the sins of the mortal races.

The Order of Sydon
The Order of Sydon are zealots who revere the ocean
titan Sydon above all other gods. They watch for signs
from the heavens lightning strikes in particular and
their priests communicate the will of the ocean god
to the council of Mytros. The ranks of the order are
filled with heavily armored paladins who wear cerulean
cloaks and golden clasps, but they welcome true believers from any warrior background. The Order wishes
only to enforce the will of Sydon, and they have been
known to destroy shrines to the Five.

The Cult of the Snake
This thieves' guild operates in the shadows of Mytros.
They are headquartered deep within the aqueducts.
The cultists have recently been breaking into the homes
of wealthy citizens, stealing everything of value, and
leaving entire families petrified. The leader of the cult is
someone who calls herself the Lady of Coins.

Lost Tribe of the Gygans
The gygans were Sydon's favored people, six armed
giants with a single eye. Once the greatest civilization in
Thylea, the Gygan Empire fell during the First War. The
ruins of this empire can be found on countless islands
throughout the Cerulean Gulf. The few surviving gygans
keep to themselves, but take any opportunity for vengeance against the hated settler races.

Centaurs of the Steppes
The centaurs of the Steppes are a nomadic people
divided into dozens of warring tribes. They move
through the hills in thunderous stampedes, hunting,
foraging, and raiding the camps of other peoples.
Centaurs hold themselves to a strict code of honor, and
the children of warriors slain in battle are adopted and
raised as part of the conquering tribe. During times of
truce, the centaur tribes set up camps along the steppe
rivers, drink honeymeade under the stars, and sing tales
of ancient Thylea.

The Raving Ones
The Raving Ones are a den of fey creatures who worship
Lutheria. On the edges of the Oldwood, west of Atrokos,
there is a system of caves where they are said to dwell.
They sometimes travel along the roads in the guise of
maidens in distress, luring travelers back to the den to
be torn apart and devoured in rituals to the goddess of
revelry. The Raving Ones are the mothers of the goatlings,
who are born from the union of a satyr and a Maenad.