Welcome to Odyssey of the Dragonlords. This booklet
will provide you with everything you need to run an epic
campaign in the forgotten land of Thylea.
Odyssey of the Dragonlords is heavily inspired by
stories from ancient Greek mythology. As we designed
the campaign, we sought to include ideas from many
different sources: The Odyssey, The Iliad, Jason and the
Argonauts, The Oresteia, and others. However, Thylea is
not ancient Greece. You will not find Zeus, Athena, or
Apollo among the gods.
As you explore Thylea, you will encounter familiar
tropes, monsters, and treasures from Greek mythology but the rules are different here. Mortals have
only recently come to these lands. The world of Thylea
blends high fantasy with the trappings of ancient history. Elves, dwarves, and halflings now live alongside
minotaurs, centaurs, and satyrs.
Our goal is to make your party feel like heroes from
one of the greatest stories ever told but the ultimate
end of that story is entirely within your power. Your
players will make choices that forever change the world
of Thylea. As the gamemaster, we encourage you to
embrace this idea and run with it. How will your players
reshape history and what does it mean to be a hero?

The city of Mytros is under attack by a colossal silver dragon, while two
heroes prepare to save the city. The Oracle has prophesied the Doom
of Thylea: the destruction of Mytros and the death of the gods. Who
will rise to save the forgotten land?

An Amazonian warrior from the island
of Themis watches from the trees.
She wields her curved kopis sword in
one hand while tending to her bronze
automaton stimfay bird with the other.

For thousands of years, the Titans were the lords of this land.
The Dragonlords drove back their armies, then fell to Sydon's hand.
Five Gods from the heavens came, as the Oracle had foreseen.
And a sacred oath was sealed with the blood of the Silver Queen.
Five hundred years have passed, but the peace has been in vain.
The time has come for war in Thylea once again.

Preface: Why Greek Mythology?

The very first epic roleplaying campaign
took place over 3,000 years ago. A band of
heroes gathered to undertake an impossible
quest, and among them were the children of
Hermes, Apollo, Poseidon, and Zeus. They were the
Argonauts the legendary sailors led by Jason. Their
ranks included Orpheus, the most talented musician in
the world, and Peleus, the father of Achilles. They were
even joined by Hercules, the famous warrior, who had
recently completed his fabled Twelve Labors.
Why should we liken the heroes of the Argonautika to
a party of roleplayers? Because in spite of their illustrious qualifications, and in spite of prophecies which
foretold success, the Argonauts were ill equipped for
the challenges that awaited them. They abandoned their
quest almost as soon as they set sail, and the rest of the
story unfolds like a comedy of errors.
Fellow game masters, stop me if this sounds familiar.
Jason of Iolcos bears an uncanny resemblance to your
average tabletop roleplayer. When he isn't accidentally
slaughtering his own allies, he's wallowing in self pity
and bemoaning his bad luck. He seems just as frightened
to lead the party as he is of being usurped. At multiple
points in the story, the gods are forced to step in and
save the Argonauts from his terrible leadership. In the
end, the Golden Fleece is secured through the magic of
the sorceress Medea. She isn't even counted among the
so called heroes.
The heroes of Greek mythology are very different
from the super powered, self sacrificing paragons that
we've come to idolize in Hollywood films. In the Greek
epics, there is no clear line between good and evil, no
villains to thwart, no alien invasions to repel. Heroic
deeds are frequently puzzling and at times infuriating.
Odysseus punctuates his harrowing journey home by
murdering all the men who courted his wife. Achilles
refuses to fight when his men need him most. Jason
quickly abandons Medea once his quest is finished.
Because of their flaws, it is hard to shake the feeling
that the heroes of the Greek epics were real historical
figures. When might fails, they succeed through cunning, and when cunning fails, they succeed through
luck. These were mortal men cast into impossible situations, forced to survive through spectacular means, and
left to brood on the fickle whims of fate. In spite of their
divine parentage, they were, above all, very human.
This is in large part what makes these characters so
enduring in the Western imagination. But most importantly, it makes them the perfect archetypes for the
heroes of your next roleplaying campaign.

WHAT IS MYTHIC
HEROISM?

Odyssey of the Dragonlords casts your players into the
roles of mythic heroes, who have been the subjects of a
dire prophecy. This prophecy pits a small band of mortals against the last of the Titans and promises an epic
conflict that will forever reshape the world of Thylea.

Gods and Kings
Mythic heroes have dealings with the gods, almost as
a matter of course. The gods are not always nice. They
are jealous, capricious, cruel, generous, vengeful, kind,
vicious, forgetful, thoughtless, lusty, selfish, passionate,
and generally all too human in their ways. They do not
know everything and cannot control everything, but
within their spheres of influence, they are awesome,
terrible, and dangerous. It's a foolish mortal who disrespects the gods. The wisest heroes acknowledge the
power of the gods over every aspect of life.
Mythic heroes must also contend with the will of
mortal kings and queens. Earth shattering events
demand action from the most powerful rulers from
across the land, but their hands are often bound by the
vagaries of fate. Sometimes, they are forced to take up
arms and join the quest themselves, but more often they
must depend upon the might of famous heroes.

Oaths and Curses
Mythic heroes are often bound to their quest by powerful oaths. Oaths are inviolable sacred vows that are
sworn only in the most serious of circumstances. Oaths
have a powerful, far reaching effect on society. They
may create peace between the gods, promote unbreakable fellowships, and even instigate bloody wars.
No mortal of sound mind would ever dare break
an oath, lest they be afflicted by terrible curses. To be
cursed by the gods is to be cursed by the land itself.
Food turns to dust in the mouths of those who are
cursed. Harpies peck out their eyes, and their souls are
dragged screaming into the Underworld.
For this reason, even the bravest of heroes fear the
consequences of breaking an oath. The gods, on the
other hand, are literally incapable of breaking their
oaths, for they are made from the same magic that binds
and enforces them.

Fame and Hubris
All great heroes seek to increase their fame. This may
sound like vanity, but within a mythic context, fame is
essential to achieving one's goals. Famous heroes may
summon warriors to their aid, influence the opinions of
the masses, and even demand audiences with the gods.

Though seeking it may shorten one's life, fame is the
most direct route to immortality.
But the danger of increasing one's fame is hubris.
Excessive pride, or hubris, leads to the downfall and
destruction of many famous heroes who overestimate
their abilities or who underestimate the gods.

Fate and Prophecy
Mythic heroes are subject to the forces of fate and
prophecy in equal measure. Fate directs the lives of both
gods and mortals, and though she is the greatest of all
mysteries, she is also cruel to those who defy her. The
greatest gift she gives us is the gift of prophecy.
Prophecies reveal paths that would otherwise be
hidden to us paths which allow us to rise to our fate,
rather than be destroyed by it. Such paths are often dangerous, and walking them may seem like madness, but
that is the task of the mythic hero. To dismiss prophecy
and spurn one's fate is hubris of the highest order.

Comedy and Tragedy
In the end, the story of a mythic hero falls into one of
two categories. Those who win fame by rising to their
fate and honoring their oaths may be forced to make
tragic sacrifices, but they will be happier in the end. On
the other hand, those who turn from fate, break their
oaths, and curse the gods will meet tragic endings, even
if their lives are happier in the short run.
In other words, mythic heroism means rising to the
challenges that fate throws at you, even when the gods
themselves work against you. It means losing yourself in
the wilderness for decades, only to return in glory when
your enemies least expect it. It also means betraying
your loved ones, overthrowing rightful kings because of
petty grievances, and discovering that you were a pawn
of prophecy all along.
Mythic heroes do not lead easy lives, but they do lead
dramatic ones. It's not just the victories that make their
adventures memorable it's the failures, also.


This book is designed to help you run a
story driven roleplaying campaign that combines classic fantasy dungeon crawling with
the epic sweep of Greek mythology. It takes
place in the world of Thylea a forgotten continent
where fey creatures make war upon civilization and gods
walk the earth in the guise of mortals.
The campaign is designed for the 5th Edition of the
world's greatest roleplaying game. It has been designed
for a party of 4 6 heroes of 1st level. By the end of the
campaign, the heroes should be 15th level or higher.
Odyssey of the Dragonlords combines an epic story
with a structured, open world. As the players complete
major milestones in the story, new parts of the world will
become available for them to explore. The story is divided
into a prologue and five acts, the last being an epic finale.
The goal of this adventure is to explore what it means
to be a hero in a land where gods and Titans still walk
the earth. Where the forces of civilization are only just
beginning to prevail against the monsters that haunt the
seas and the forests. Your players will take on the role
of mythic heroes charged with fulfilling a prophecy and
confronting the Titans. Their decisions will shape the
future and forever change the world of Thylea.
This book is intended for the GM only. It contains major
spoilers for the story. Everything you need to know
about the world as a player can be learned by reading the
Player's Guide to Odyssey of the Dragonlords.
Reading this section or any part of this adventure
book may ruin several major surprises that are best
experienced at the table. Proceed at your own risk.

STORY OVERVIEW

This section covers the major concepts in the story.
More detailed information can be found in the History
of Thylea section or in the Secrets and Myths appendix.

Ancient Thylea
For many ages, Thylea was a wilderness of centaurs,
satyrs, cyclopes, and other creatures who worshipped
their native gods, the Titans. Mortals who came to
Thylea lived in small, defenseless tribes until the
arrival of the Dragonlords.

The Five Gods
When all seemed lost, the mortals of Thylea were saved
by the sudden appearance of the Five Gods, who walked
the land in mortal guise. They forced the Titans into a
temporary truce, called the Oath of Peace.

The Oath of Peace
The Oath of Peace has prevented open warfare with
the Titans for five hundred years. But now, the truce
is ending. The power of the Five Gods wanes, and the
Titans prepare to wage war upon mortals once again.

The Oracle's Prophecy
At the beginning of the story, the heroes are chosen by
the Oracle to confront the ancient Titans and end the
conflict once and for all. This requires them to fulfill the
Oracle's prophecy and rebuild the ancient order of the
Dragonlords.

The Villains
The story has three major villains.
Sydon, Lord of Storms
Sydon is the ancient Titan who once ruled over Thylea,
long before the arrival of mortals. He seeks to dominate
the land once again to be worshipped by all mortals.
Lutheria, Mistress of Death
Lutheria is another ancient Titan. She is the sister wife
of Sydon. She has dominion over the underworld, and
she seeks to corrupt mortals and capture their souls for
her own amusement.
King Acastus of Mytros
Acastus is the last descendant of the Dragonlords. He
is a cowardly manipulator who seeks to undermine the
heroes and wrap himself in the glory of his ancestors.
Preparing Your Adventure
Here is a quick breakdown of the chapters that you
should read through before running the adventure.


THE WORLD OF THYLEA

Thylea is located across a great expanse of ocean, far
beyond the borders of the known world. It is a land
of great beauty and ancient splendor, untouched and
unspoiled by civilization since the dawn of time.
Thylea is sometimes called 'the Lost Land. ' It has a
large central landmass which tapers into peninsulas
surrounded by hundreds of islands. Beyond that, on all
sides a clear expanse of ocean called the Forgotten Sea
stretches for a thousand miles in every direction.
Sprawling ruins, glittering lagoons, and massive
statues dot Thylea's landscape. Great beasts wander
her plains, and fey creatures haunt her woods. Centaur
tribes war for control on the steppes, and reptilian savages battle across her islands. Although Thylea is a land
with a long history, most of it has been lost.
At the heart of the archipelago the Mother Goddess,
in the form of a colossal world tree, watches over her
creation. She is also called Thylea, and her true name is
lost to time. Her children are Sydon and Lutheria, the
Twin Titans, who dwell in the far reaches of the ocean.
They are the masters of everything under the endless
expanse of the sky.

THE HISTORY OF THYLEA
Arrival of Mortals
In the centuries before the founding of Mytros, mortals
had no dominion over the untamed lands of Thylea.
When elves, dwarves, and humans washed up on
Thylea's shores, their weapons failed them, and their
magic ceased to work. They were forsaken by their gods,
forced to live as beggars among the fey races.
Curious about these strange refugees, the nymphs and
satyrs offered them hospitality, and many small settlements were founded. The centaurs, however, offered
them no quarter, and the cyclopes were known to
devour men whole. Life in Thylea was short and brutal
for the so called 'trespassers' from foreign lands.
During this era, the Twin Titans wielded great powers,
unlike anything seen since the dawn of time. Sydon
was venerated as the Lord of Storms. He could conjure
apocalyptic storms with his right hand and cataclysmic
earthquakes with his left hand. His sister wife Lutheria
held dominion over the land of dreams, and her voice
was said to give life to the dead.
Fearing eradication, the desperate mortal settlers built
shrines to Sydon and held feasts in Lutheria's honor.
Thousands of sacrifices were dedicated to the Lord of
Storms, and libations of wine were poured to the Lady of
Dreams at every meal. The twins were at first unswayed
but, over time, they warmed to the persistent worship of
the hapless settlers.
In exchange for this devotion, the Titans offered the
mortals oaths of protection, which shielded them from
the worst ravages of the centaurs and cyclopes. The settlements survived, but they were always at the mercy of
the Twins. So it remained for many hundreds of years.

Arrival of the Dragonlords
One fateful day, a flight of powerful bronze dragons
arrived on Thylea's shores, each bearing a great champion from the Old World. These were the legendary
warriors known as the Dragonlords, and they heralded
an upheaval that would forever change the history of
the Forgotten Land.
Within just a few years of their arrival, many small
cities were founded, and a half dozen small kingdoms
sprang up along the roads of the western reaches. The
Dragonlords founded powerful dynasties, and the
humble mortals who had once lived in terror of the
Titans now abandoned their temples and stood tall.
The Dragonlords were symbols of hope for a beleaguered people. Whenever any mortal settlement was
razed to the ground by roving centaurs and cyclopes,
the Dragonlords would repay the attackers in kind.
Through harsh winters, blistering summers, and relentless assaults by the native races, the Dragonlords fought
tirelessly, and the people of Thylea persevered.
Everywhere the dragons were greeted with shouts of
adulation. When spotted flying overhead, they would
be hailed as saviors, and great songs and feasts would
be held in their honor. They were radiant to behold,
bronze scales gleaming like fire. To be visited by one of
the dragons was to be blessed, and nowhere was more
blessed than the City of Mytros.
But the great powers that ruled Thylea grew jealous. Sydon and Lutheria, the Twin Titans, immortal
children of the mother goddess, amassed great armies
to eradicate the city. The Dragonlords responded by
gathering all the mortals in Thylea into a united assault
on the native races, and so began the First War.

The First War
The histories of the First War are vague, having been
passed down through the centuries in the form of decaying scrolls and tapestries. What is known for certain is
that the native races were driven into exile. The centaurs
retreated into the steppes, while the satyrs fled into the
forests. The Gygans, an ancient civilization of cyclopes,
were annihilated, leaving behind the crumbling ruins of
their fallen cities.
The cost of victory was great: by the time the war
ended, the last of the dragons had been killed defending the city they loved most. Although the Dragonlords
are remembered as the great heroes of this age, their
noble dragons came to be equally venerated as guardian spirits. The blood of their sacrifice is woven into
the stones of Mytros, and to this day the city is said to
glow radiant bronze at sunset.
Perhaps most miraculous of all, however, was the
appearance of the Five Gods. These immortal figures
descended from heaven when the tide had turned against
the Dragonlords. Some have claimed that they were manifestations of Thylea's own desire to protect her immigrant children. They took the form of mortal men and
women, but their eyes were alight with the fire of divinity.
Don't Spoil the Twist.
The people of Thylea do not know the true nature of the
Five Gods. Only the gods know it, and they are forbidden
to talk about it by the Oath of Peace. The story finale
includes a major twist where the Five Gods return to their
true forms. Don't spoil this epic moment for your players.

Each of these new gods manifested some portion of
the power that had once belonged to the Titans. Pythor,
the Lord of Battle, took command of the centurions of
Mytros and, after many gruesome battles, the armies
of the native races were broken. When the final spear
had been thrust into the heart of the Gygan King, the
Five Gods fell into a torpor, apparently to recover their
strength. The city, it seemed, was safe.
But Sydon and Lutheria swore vengeance. The mountains shook, the seas boiled with rage, and spine chilling
nightmares descended upon the mortal armies. Such
was the anger of the Titans that their retaliation threatened to sunder the very foundations of Thylea.
In the end, Mytros, the goddess of dawn, sacrificed
herself and ascended once more to the heavens in order
to rescue her beloved city from destruction.

The Oath of Peace
Having lost their mounts, the Dragonlords commissioned a fleet of warships and took to the seas. The
greatest of these ships was called the Ultros, captained
by one Estor Arkelander. He is said to have sailed into
the very depths of the underworld where Lutheria sleeps
upon her diamond throne. The other Dragonlords are
said to have ascended Phraxys, the Tower of Sydon,
where the Lord of Storms watches all.
Many songs are sung of the trials and troubles of the
Dragonlords, but few can say what actually transpired
during their final journey into the perils of the Forgotten
Sea. The priests of Mytros watched for signs of the
impending apocalypse. On the night of the winter solstice, when Thylea's doom seemed near, the boiling seas
suddenly calmed and the nightmares ended.
Some days later, a black ship sailed into the harbor of
Mytros, carrying the bodies of many of the Dragonlords.
The ship was captained by Damon, a powerful wizard
who had served the Dragonlords during the First War.
He was mortally wounded, but he uttered not a single
word. He delivered three precious items to the Temple
of the Five, and then vanished in his ship, along with the
bodies and arms of his fallen masters.
One of the items that Damon carried was a scroll of
parchment, upon which was written the Oath of Peace.
This Oath was cause for great celebration. Sydon and
Lutheria had sworn not to take vengeance upon the
mortals of Thylea for a period of 500 years, provided
that daily sacrifices to the Titans should resume, and
that their temples should be maintained and honored.

The Present Day
The Oath of Peace has prevailed for 500 years and,
throughout this age, the mortals of Thylea have flourished. The City of Mytros grew into a great metropolis,
and it has been protected by the twin Colossi, beacons
of civilization on the shores of a dark frontier. More
settlers came from beyond the Forgotten Sea, and the
ranks of humans, dwarves, and elves grew. The remaining Dragonlords became kings and established dynasties
to rule over the new cities that were founded across the
land. As the worship of the Five spread, so also did their
power over the land and oceans grow, until every village
boasted shrines to Volkan and Pythor, and the dominion
of Sydon and Lutheria was nearly forgotten.
The Five Gods loved their people and made sure to
walk amongst them whenever they could.
While five centuries may seem like an eternity, the
time now grows near where this period of peace must
finally come to an end.

The Oracle's Prophecy
With the imminent end of the Oath of Peace, the Oracle
has prophesied the Doom of Thylea: the death of the
gods, the destruction of the sacred tree, and the total
annihilation of all mortal races.
Players in this campaign will take on the role of a group
of heroes who have been summoned to the Temple of the
Oracle in an attempt to avert this catastrophe.

Adventurers who explore the oceans of their world
to their farthest reaches will eventually discover the
Maelstrom: a terrifying region of hurricanes, whirlpools, and jagged rocks. Drunken sailors often boast of
death defying encounters within the Maelstrom, but
none who have sailed its waters have ever returned.
Adventurers who brave the Maelstrom must spend
days battling storms, skirting whirlpools, and navigating
through treacherous shoals. The passage is so intense
that the crew is likely to be rendered unconscious.
Lucky adventurers will awaken in calmer waters, under
a cloudless sky a glittering green expanse known as the
Forgotten Sea.
The Forgotten Sea stretches for hundreds of miles
in every direction, and it boasts hundreds of islands.
Powerful ocean currents prevent ships from approaching
these islands, and any attempt to do so will cause a ship to
lose control and be smashed on a rocky shoreline.
Watchful sailors may glimpse strange things on
the islands: impossibly tall humans in fine clothing,
monstrous reptilian beasts, and great stone carvings
in the shape of human faces. Intrepid explorers will
eventually catch sight of a towering bronze colossus
shining brightly on the horizon. This beacon serves to
guide ships into the harbor of Mytros, the greatest city
in Thylea.

The Ancient Titans
The Titans are divine powers native to Thylea. They
have existed since the dawn of time.
Thylea, Great Mother of All
Thylea is the namesake of the Lost Land. She takes the
form of a gargantuan tree on an island at the heart of the
Cerulean Gulf, and her followers believe that her roots
reach deep into the earth, binding the world together in
an eternal embrace. Thylea is believed to be a generous,
life giving goddess. The Druids of the Oldwood believe
that her will is communicated through the changing of
the seasons, rather than through words. Long winters,
for example, signal her displeasure, long summers are a
sign of her approval.
Kentimane, The Hundred Handed
Kentimane was the most powerful of the Titans. He is
believed to be both the husband and eternal guardian of
the Great Mother. Many references are found to him in
the poetry of the gygans and the centaurs, but few credible sources have survived the ravages of time.
Kentimane is usually depicted with one hundred
heads and one hundred hands.
Sydon, The Lord of Storms
Sydon is the Lord of the Oceans and all that flows from
them. He takes the form of a colossal, bearded man with
three eyes, and he carries a terrifying black glaive. He
surveys both land and water tirelessly, summoning storms
to punish those who displease him. Sydon is a jealous and
vengeful god who makes no allowances for the worship of
any god but himself or his sister wife, Lutheria.

Discovering the Lost Continent
Thylea may be found in almost any adventure setting. It
exists beyond the boundaries of all maps, and its location
is unknown to even the most experienced travelers.
Sailors often shipwreck here from other worlds.

Every temple in Thylea fears the wrath of Sydon.
Daily sacrifices are offered to him in every village, even
as the settlers continue their silent prayers to the Five.
Whenever thunder rolls through the skies of Thylea, you
can be sure that someone has provoked Sydon's anger.

Lutheria, The Lady of Dreams
Lutheria takes the form of a beautiful, black eyed woman
who sleepwalks through the underworld, greeting the
spirits of the dead. She carries a crystal scythe, which
she uses to harvest the souls of those who displeased her
in life. Lutheria commands her followers to live without
remorse, to drink, dance, and feast to their heart's desire,
because any day could be their last. She is a mother to
the fey races of Thylea, who she strongly favors.
Worship of Lutheria is rare among settlers, but she
is nevertheless honored with many feasts and festivals
because Sydon demands it. Whenever any drink is
poured, a libation must be made to Lutheria or else a
swift punishment is sure to follow.

The Five Gods
The Five Gods are widely celebrated as the settlers' favored
gods. With the exception of Mytros, they are not heaven dwelling deities but familiar faces who walk among
their people. They have been known to take mortal husbands and wives, rule over cities, and sire demi god children. They helped the Dragonlords and the mortal races
to defeat Sydon and Lutheria during the First War. For
centuries, they have blessed the mortal races, protecting
them from tyrannical domination by Sydon and Lutheria.
Shrines to the Five gods can be found in nearly every
settler household. Prayers to the Five must be accompanied by the sign against the evil eye to ward off the
jealous gaze of Sydon and Lutheria.
Mytros, The Goddess of Dawn
Mytros, called by some the 'Silver Queen' is the most
benevolent of the Five Gods and the patron goddess
of the most important kingdom in Thylea. She is
widely credited with the survival of the city during
the destruction and aftermath of the First War, and
she is said to appear to her priests as a warrior queen
clad in shimmering golden armor. Having ascended to
the heavens after a cataclysmic battle with Sydon and
Lutheria, she no longer walks among mortals. She is
the most powerful of the Five Gods, and the source of
most priestly magic in Thylea.
Volkan, The God of Forges
Not much is known about Volkan except that he is the
husband of Mytros. He concerns himself with artifice
and crafting and is primarily worshipped by dwarves,
smiths, and wizards. He is depicted as an elderly and
wise looking man (and sometimes as a dwarf ). He is
rumored to travel through the Heartlands on the winter
solstice, distributing toys and sweets to children.

The goddess of dawn took her name from the city she
loved. She died protecting Mytros during the First War
and ascended to the heavens. We humble priests still draw
upon the power of her magic.
A son of Mytros and Volkan, Pythor appeared to the
settlers during the First War and fought tirelessly
against the centaurs and gygans that threatened to
overwhelm the city of Mytros. His praises were sung
for centuries after, and he is said to have walked among
the settlers in mortal guise, taking women to his bed
and fathering demi god children. A few centuries ago
he became the king of the city of Estoria when he overthrew a mad tyrant.
Vallus, The Goddess of Wisdom
Vallus is revered as the goddess of wisdom and beauty,
and she is believed to know as much about Thylea's
history as Sydon and Lutheria. She was once known to
travel far and wide, surveying ancient ruins and collecting lore concerning the origins of the land and the
fey races. Prayers are offered to Vallus when guidance
is needed and information is scarce. She is the oldest
daughter of Mytros and, in many ways, she has inherited
her mother's legacy, serving as both queen and patron
goddess to the city.
Introduction

11

Kyrah, The Goddess of Music
Kyrah is revered as the trickster goddess of music and
poetry. She is the swiftest of all the gods, capable of disappearing in the blink of an eye and she can travel great
distances with each step. Her voice is said to be more
beautiful than any musical instrument. There are very
few shrines to her, except among bards, who revere her
as the Muse.

THE MORTAL KINGDOMS
The Kingdom of Mytros
The city of Mytros was the first settlement founded by
the Dragonlords. It was protected by the Goddess of
Dawn and grew into a mighty kingdom after the end of
the First War. It is the largest city in all of Thylea and the
center of commerce, religion, and politics. The Great
Games are held outside of the city once a year. The
Temple of the Five stands at the center of the city, but
in recent years the worship of Sydon has been growing
in popularity. The Titan now has his own grand temple
that stands across the street from the Temple of the Five.
Mytros is ruled by the mighty King Acastus, the last
true descendant of the Dragonlords. Acastus is revered
across all of Thylea and he is the husband of Queen
Vallus, the wisest of the Five Gods. Through some
miraculous feat of magic, he has recently resurrected the
race of dragons, which were thought to be extinct since
the end of the First War. He now seeks to rebuild the
ancient order of the Dragonlords and restore the city of
Mytros to its former glory.

The Kingdom of Estoria
Estoria is an ancient stronghold that has resisted centuries of attacks by centaurs, cyclopes, manticores, and
other dangers which thrive on the steppes beyond the
Arkelon River. The king of Estoria is Pythor, the mightiest of the Five Gods. He rules from his palace at the
highest vantage point in the city.
From his throne, Pythor can survey the sprawling
farmlands of his kingdom to the south and watch vigilantly for any new threats that might emerge from the
north. Although the Estorians are considered provincials by the people of Mytros, everyone knows that the
greatest warriors and adventurers of this age are forged
in the service of the Lord of Battle.

The Kingdom of Aresia
The kingdom of Aresia has long been a rival to the
kingdom of Mytros. The two cities have been engaged
in dozens of wars over the last several hundred years,
which are collectively known as the Aresian campaigns.
The reasons for the fighting vary, but one thing is certain: warriors on both sides seek glory in battle.
The warrior monks of the eastern shore are amongst
the most feared fighters in all of Thylea. Their children
begin training with spears from the day they take their
first steps, and every adult is required to serve in the
militia. Aresians spend their lives in pursuit of 'degrees'
in schools of martial philosophy, which have been
refined over many centuries of defending their borders.
Aresian warriors cultivate an air of rugged austerity
out of a sense of pride in their history, but it disguises
long hours spent on beauty rituals, poetry readings,
and decadent feasting. The highest caste warriors make a point of leading lifestyles that most closely
resemble those of their hard pressed ancestors.

Barbarians of the Gulf
For millennia before the coming of the Dragonlords,
outsiders would occasionally wash up on the shores of
Thylea. These were usually shipwrecked explorers or
merchants who were blown far off course. Of all races
and nationalities, these people had to live in harmony
with the natives of Thylea. They formed tribes and
lived on the islands of the Cerulean Gulf. When the
Dragonlords came, these tribes fought with the natives
of Thylea against the newcomers. In present times the
barbarians are still looked upon with fear and distrust by
the civilized races. They are seen as being as dangerous
as the centaur tribes or fey creatures of the Oldwood.
The most feared of the barbarian tribes are the Amazons
that dwell upon the island of Themis.

PEOPLE OF THYLEA

Thylea is home to many different races, only some of
whom are native to her shores. Thyleans are collectively referred to as mortals even those with very
long lifespans. For more information about Thylea's
native races, including their origin myths and physical
descriptions, refer to the Playable Races appendix.

Native Races
  Centaurs, Satyrs, and Sirens. These creatures have

existed in Thylea for thousands of years. They are
common in rural areas but somewhat rare in cities.
  Gygans. The gygans are a race of ancient cyclops that
were mostly exterminated during the First War.

  Medusae. Medusae are mortals who have been cursed

The Temple of the Oracle

Settler Races

The Oracle is a famous water nymph who dwells in the
hot springs below a temple south of Estoria. She has
the gift of prophecy, and her soothsaying is heeded by
gods and kings alike. Despite her heritage as a daughter of Sydon, she has always had a special fondness for
the mortals of Thylea, and she is attended by many
faithful priests.

by dark powers. They are secretive and very rare.
  Minotaurs. Minotaurs are cursed tribes of humans.
They are usually treated very poorly in cities.

  Humans. Humans are plentiful. Some were ship 

wrecked here thousands of years ago, and others came
over with the Dragonlords 500 years ago. Humans
populate all major cities and settlements.
  Elves, Dwarves, Gnomes, Halflings. These races
are less common than humans, but they populate all
major cities and settlements in fair numbers.
  Half orcs. Half orcs are rare, and they are not stigmatized as they are in other lands. There are no orcs.
  Tieflings. Tieflings are called 'Stygians ' and assumed
to be servants of Lutheria. They are secretive and rare.
  Dragonborn. Dragonborn are exceedingly rare. If they
exist in Thylea, then they are hidden away in remote
places. Thyleans would be shocked to see one.

FACTIONS OF THYLEA
The Temple of the Five
The Temple of the Five was one of the first buildings
constructed in the city of Mytros, and is the oldest civic
building there. Elected representatives from the districts of Mytros and her outlying villages form a council
that meets at the temple every new moon. However,
the pattern of civic life is increasingly dictated by the
Order of Sydon, who believe that the Temple of the Five
should be destroyed in order to appease the Titans. King
Acastus has taken no sides in this conflict, but the peace
is becoming precarious.

Centurions of Mytros
The city of Mytros conscripts a regular army of centurions to enforce the law of the land. The centurions
have a history that dates back to the First War, when
they followed Pythor into battle against the centaurs
and gygans. Although the centurions honor Mytros at
religious festivals, nearly every soldier prays openly to
Pythor, the god of battle. The highest ranking centurion
is King Acastus who commands the army and serves as
the final arbiter of justice for the city.

The Academy at Mytros
The Academy was formed centuries ago and is the
center of learning in Thylea. The great wizard Damon
was one of its founders, but it wasn't only an institution
for magical learning. It was also a place for philosophy and other intellectual pursuits. Now it consists of
many colleges devoted to the different schools of magic
(divination, evocation, etc.) and to safeguarding the lore
of Thylea. It is also a place where Thylea's interests in
theater, song, and other arts are encouraged.

The Druids of Oldwood
Deep within the Oldwood is a druid grove ringed by
monolithic stones. The druids of Oldwood are whiteclad men and women who wear laurels and wield oaken
staves. They worship the mother goddess Thylea, and
believe that the people of Mytros should never have settled
in her Heartlands. They perform a daily ritual sacrifice
to Thylea, hoping to atone the sins of the mortal races.

The Order of Sydon
The Order of Sydon are zealots who revere the ocean
titan Sydon above all other gods. They watch for signs
from the heavens lightning strikes in particular and
their priests communicate the will of the ocean god
to the council of Mytros. The ranks of the order are
filled with heavily armored paladins who wear cerulean
cloaks and golden clasps, but they welcome true believers from any warrior background. The Order wishes
only to enforce the will of Sydon, and they have been
known to destroy shrines to the Five.

The Cult of the Snake
This thieves' guild operates in the shadows of Mytros.
They are headquartered deep within the aqueducts.
The cultists have recently been breaking into the homes
of wealthy citizens, stealing everything of value, and
leaving entire families petrified. The leader of the cult is
someone who calls herself the Lady of Coins.

Lost Tribe of the Gygans
The gygans were Sydon's favored people, six armed
giants with a single eye. Once the greatest civilization in
Thylea, the Gygan Empire fell during the First War. The
ruins of this empire can be found on countless islands
throughout the Cerulean Gulf. The few surviving gygans
keep to themselves, but take any opportunity for vengeance against the hated settler races.

Centaurs of the Steppes
The centaurs of the Steppes are a nomadic people
divided into dozens of warring tribes. They move
through the hills in thunderous stampedes, hunting,
foraging, and raiding the camps of other peoples.
Centaurs hold themselves to a strict code of honor, and
the children of warriors slain in battle are adopted and
raised as part of the conquering tribe. During times of
truce, the centaur tribes set up camps along the steppe
rivers, drink honeymeade under the stars, and sing tales
of ancient Thylea.

The Raving Ones
The Raving Ones are a den of fey creatures who worship
Lutheria. On the edges of the Oldwood, west of Atrokos,
there is a system of caves where they are said to dwell.
They sometimes travel along the roads in the guise of
maidens in distress, luring travelers back to the den to
be torn apart and devoured in rituals to the goddess of
revelry. The Raving Ones are the mothers of the goatlings,
who are born from the union of a satyr and a Maenad.

THE LAWS OF THYLEA

There are several aspects of Thylea that are different
from a typical fantasy world. Oaths are expected to
be honored upon the life of the swearer, and guests
can expect to be shown hospitality even in the homes
of their fiercest enemies. When these ancient laws of
Thylea are disobeyed, the resulting punishment can
forever change the life of a hero.
Oaths and curses are not enforced by any particular
titan or god. These are natural laws that were woven
into the fabric of Thylea at the dawn of time. Even
Sydon and Lutheria must honor their oaths or suffer
dreadful consequences.

Guest Friendship
Guest friendship is a concept of great import in the lands
of Thylea. It requires that all hosts show generosity and
courtesy to guests who are far from home, no matter
what disputes may divide the two parties. For guest
friendship to be established, a host must invite someone
into their home and provide them with food or drink.
It is expected that the guest should provide a gift to
the host to seal the friendship, but the bond is established as soon as the guest has shared a meal with
the host. The bond of guest friendship ends when the
guest has departed with the host's blessing. After that,
the two may become enemies once more.
However, if one party brings about harm to the
other while the bond is in effect, then the friendship
is broken, and the offending party is now subject to
the curse of the treacherous. The Furies are widely
known to be the arbiters of such disputes, and few are
willing (or foolish enough) to suffer their wrath.

Sacred Oaths
Oaths are sworn between men and their kings all the
time, but oaths between men and gods are rarer and
more binding. Oaths sworn to powerful creatures of the
Fey, or to demons and devils can be just as binding.
Oath of Peace
An oath of peace is one where a powerful creature or
king demands that the person swearing the oath will
commit no violence against them or any of their servants. There is almost always a time limit to such an oath.
Sometimes the time limit can be weeks or months, but
other times it may be years or centuries. An oath of
peace is central to the story presented in this book.
Oath of Protection
An oath of protection is one in which a powerful individual is sworn to come to the aid of another in a time
of great need. One of the most famous of these oaths

in mythology is the oath that the Achaean kings swore
to Menelaus, husband of Helen. The kings swore to
assist Menelaus if anyone ever threatened Helen. When
Menelaus called upon the kings to fulfill their oaths, the
Trojan War was the result.
An oath of protection requires the swearer to answer
a call for aid as quickly as possible. Once the threat has
been neutralized, the oath is fulfilled, and there is no
further obligation. Failure to answer the call, or even
allowing the other party to come to harm, will cause the
oath giver to be branded an oathbreaker, and they too
suffer the curse of the treacherous.
Oath of Service
An oath of service is an oath sworn by one individual to
another. The swearer is required to perform one task,
which does not need to be specified when the oath is
sworn. Unlike the oath of protection, this task could
be of any type: it may even require evil deeds, such as
assassination. For this reason, most people are hesistant
to ever swear such an oath, viewing it as a last resort.
When the oath swearer is called upon, they must
answer as quickly as possible. Once the task has been
completed, the oath is fulfilled and there is no further
obligation. Failure to answer the call, or refusal to complete the task, brands the swearer as an oathbreaker and
makes them subject to the curse of the treacherous.

Mortal Curses
Curses fall upon those who break oaths, break guest
friendship, make deals with powerful evil creatures or
anger the gods. Curses are not to be taken lightly: they
publicly and clearly mark a hero's untrustworthy quality
for everyone to see.
Curse of the Harpy
Any person afflicted with this curse will slowly transform into a harpy. It is sometimes invoked by powerful
fey creatures such as hags or nymphs when an oath is
unfulfilled, though sometimes the gods might punish a
mortal with this curse. The only way to stop the transformation is through powerful divine magic.

Curing the Curse. Casting the greater restoration
spell once per day for three days is required. Each time
the spell is cast, the transformation is slightly reversed.
However, the spell has no effect once the subject is
completely transformed at the end of week 4. Missing a
casting requires the whole process to begin again.
Harpy Ability: Luring Song. The harpy sings a
magical melody, and every humanoid and giant within
300 feet that can hear the song must succeed on a
DC 11 Wisdom saving throw or be charmed until the
song ends. The harpy must take a bonus action on
its subsequent turns to keep singing, but it can stop
singing at any time. The song ends if the harpy is
incapacitated.
While charmed by the harpy, a target is incapacitated
and ignores all other charm effects. If the charmed
target is more than 5 feet from the harpy, they must
attempt to move toward the harpy by the most direct
route. The target doesn't avoid opportunity attacks, but
it may repeat a saving throw before moving into damaging terrain, such as lava. A charmed victim should
also repeat a saving throw when it takes damage from
another character, as well as at the end of each of its
turns. If a creature's saving throw is successful, the effect
ends. Targets that successfully save are immune to this
ability for the next 24 hours.
Curse of the Medusa
A person cursed in this fashion will slowly transform
into a medusa. This curse usually comes from bargains
made with devils and demons: a mortal might have been
asking for beauty or eternal life, but instead was granted
the terrifying form of a medusa. Sometimes, ancient
fey creatures such as hags will transform a victim into a
medusa, often simply for amusement.
The transformation can be stopped with divine magic,
but without intervention the victim will transform
within a few weeks.
Creature is fully transformed into a harpy.
Alignment becomes chaotic evil, and the
character is now under the control of the
GM. Only reversible with wish spell.

The cursed victim fully transforms into a
medusa, Alignment becomes lawful evil,
and this character is now controlled by the
GM. Only reversible with wish spell.

Curing the Curse. Someone must cast the greater
restoration spell on the creature once per day for three
days, and each time the spell is cast, the transformation
is reversed a little. The spells have no effect once the
subject has been completely transformed, and if a casting is missed the process must restart.
Medusa Abilities. These abilities are described in the
medusa playable race entry in the appendix.
Final Transformation. 
This curse is visited upon someone who takes any
magical item from the grave of a hero blessed by the
gods. Those afflicted by this curse cannot eat. After a
number of days equal to their Constitution score, the
cursed character will gain one level of exhaustion every
day until they die from starvation. It is impossible for
the person to get rid of the magical item that they stole,
even by returning it to the correct grave. It will always
return to their possession at midnight.
Curing the Curse. Casting the greater restoration
spell on the affected creature will remove this curse.
The curse can also be removed by finding someone who
will take possession of the stolen magical item willingly. To do this, the cursed individual must be truthful
about the item's provenance. This would require a DC
20 Charisma (Persuasion) check on someone with an
Intelligence score of 10 or less.

Curse of the Treacherous
This curse afflicts those who abuse guest friendship
or break powerful oaths. Those who violate the tenets
of guest friendship are at risk of being cursed by the
offended host or guest. Breaking an oath made to the
gods will almost always cause the offending mortal to
be cursed, but a person might also become cursed for
breaking an oath to an especially powerful king, or even
a pious beggar. The effect of this curse is directly related
to the injustice of the offense.
Dispatching the Erinyes. The curse of the treacherous
manifests itself in a manner that is unique to Thylea.
The Furies, the three queens of the erinyes, gather in the
Room of Far Sight in Praxys to determine the severity
of the offense. When they have agreed upon a necessary
response, they dispatch 1 3 erinyes to punish the target.
These erinyes will hunt and try to capture their quarry
until they have been defeated. Those captured by erinyes
are taken to the Island of Oathbreakers in the Nether
Sea (area N), where they must live out the rest of their
miserable lives.
Hunting as the Erinyes. The erinyes are dispatched
from the Island of Oathbreakers, and they must first
track down their prey. This takes d100 hours. Every
erinyes dispatched in this manner possesses a rope of
entanglement. She also has a temporary special ability
that allows her to cast plane shift at will.
She is only able to cast plane shift on her quarry, and
only if the target is restrained by the rope of entanglement. If these requirements are satisfied, then the target
must make a DC 16 Charisma saving throw. Failing this
saving throw causes the target to be banished to the
Island of Oathbreakers in the Nether Sea.

The adventure begins in a rural inn called The Sour
Vintage. The heroes are summoned by the goddess
Kyrah, who has disguised herself as a traveling poet.
The Boar Hunt. Kyrah explains that the Oracle has
had a vision which revealed the heroes as the chosen
warriors who will prevent the 'Doom of Thylea.' In order
to confirm this, the heroes must defeat a monstrous
boar which the Titans, Sydon and Lutheria, sent to
ravage the countryside.
Temple of the Oracle. After dealing with the Great
Boar, the heroes travel to see the Oracle, who has been
captured by a hag. After rescuing her, the heroes learn
that they must complete three 'Great Labors' in order
to prepare for their confrontation with the Titans:

Kyrah suggests that the heroes begin their Labors in the
city of Estoria. Estoria is ruled by King Pythor, one of
the Five Gods, who should prove helpful.
The King's Daughter. But first, King Pythor needs
the heroes' assistance to rescue his daughter from being
sacrificed to Sydon. Once this is done, Pythor throws
a celebration for the heroes and offers them guidance
for their quest. The heroes also meet Pythor's father, an
absent minded dwarf who claims to be the god Volkan.
The Great Labors. The heroes can use Estoria as a
base as they search for clues and complete each of the
Great Labors. The Labors require them to visit three
locations The Mithral Mines, The Mossy Temple, and
The Necropolis at Telamok. Each of these dungeons can
be reached with a half day journey from the city.
The Dream. Once the heroes recover the Horn of
Balmytria, they must drink from it to complete their
task. This triggers a dream where two more Labors are
revealed the heroes must recover a ship called the
Ultros and an ancient artifact called the Antikythera.
Summoned to Mytros. Once the heroes have accomplished two of the Labors, King Acastus of Mytros sends
a detachment of soldiers mounted on dragons to invite
the heroes to his city for an audience. King Acastus
is revered across the lands, for he seeks to restore the
ancient order of the Dragonlords. The heroes should
finish their final Labor before answering the summons.

Act 2: The Dragonlords
When the heroes arrive in Mytros, the city is assailed by
hurricanes sent by Sydon, the Lord of Storms.
The Storm. As the Oracle's Chosen Ones, the heroes
are expected to quell the anger of the Titan, and they
are faced with a difficult choice. Once this is done, King
Acastus thanks the heroes and rewards them with a map
to the legendary trireme, the Ultros the only ship that
can brave the storms of the Forgotten Sea.
The City of Mytros. The heroes meet Queen Vallus,
the goddess of wisdom, who offers the heroes counsel
and warns them about the king's ambitions. Afterwards,
the heroes are free to spend time exploring the city.
The Dead Falls. Eventually, the heroes must travel to
the Dead Falls to battle the undead crew of the Ultros
and recover the ship for themselves. They encounter the
ghost of an ancient Dragonlord, Estor Arkelander.
The Celebration. Once the Ultros has been recovered, the heroes return to Mytros, and Vallus throws a
massive celebration in their honor. She gives the heroes
an ancient navigational device called the Antikythera.
With this, the Great Labors are completed, and it's time
for the heroes to set sail to confront the Titans.
The Legendary Crew. Pythor crashes the celebration
with his father Volkan in tow. Pythor swears an oath of
service to the heroes and joins them aboard the Ultros,
while Volkan promises to forge them weapons at the
Mithral Forge. But the heroes must make haste the
Oath of Peace will come to an end in sixty days, and the
Titans are preparing for war.
The Dragon Egg. Secretly, Vallus gives the heroes
another gift: a single dragon egg. This is the last dragon
egg that Acastus had in his possession. Kyrah reveals that
Lutheria gave several eggs to Acastus, and she fears that
the dragons will be used to wage war against all the mortals of Thylea. She asks the heroes to raise the egg and
prove that they are worthy to be the new Dragonlords.

Act 3: The Great Voyage

where Gaius, the commander of the Order of Sydon,
makes his base. Gaius and his knights have been a recurring problem for the heroes ever since the beginning of
their quest. He rides a silver dragon named Argyn.
The Forgotten Sea. This region is more dangerous
than the Cerulean Gulf and should not be braved lightly.
The heroes may sail into the mouth of Charybdis to
reach the Nether Sea. Alternatively, they may sail to
Praxys, the Tower of Sydon. There are many islands here
to explore, some of which are home to great treasures.
The heroes must use their time wisely.
The Nether Sea. This strange underworld is where
Lutheria dwells aboard a roving barge called Hypnos,
the Throne of Dreams. The heroes must locate the
vessel in order to board it and confront the Titan. But
first, there are several islands to explore where the
heroes may learn some of her weaknesses.
Praxys, Tower of Sydon. This tower is where Sydon
has long dwelled, consolidating his power. The heroes
must scale this massive dungeon, floor by floor, to seek
out and confront the Lord of Storms. In the end, the
heroes are forced to reckon with the Titan's empyrean
children. Sydon meets the heroes but refuses a confrontation he has plans in motion to attack Mytros.

Act 4: The Battle of Mytros
When the sixty days have passed, the Oath of Peace
ends, and the Titans are free to attack Mytros.
The Gods Transform. When the Oath of Peace ends,
the Five Gods revert to their true forms: they are dragons who had been imbued with divine power and locked
into mortal forms. Pythor, Kyrah, Volkan, and Vallus
agree to carry the heroes into battle against the Titans.
The Battle Begins. When the heroes reach Mytros,
the city is already under attack by an ancient silver
dragon that belongs to the king. King Acastus thought
to defend his city, but in his arrogance, he lost control of
the dragon. The heroes must defeat the dragon, confront
Acastus, and take control of the Colossus of Pythor.
The Titans Attack. The city faces three possible
attacks, depending on which of the Titans are still
alive at this point in the story. Sydon, Lutheria, and
Kentimane assail the city, seeking to either subjugate or
destroy it. The heroes must join with their dragons and
do everything possible to save the city.
The New Oath. In the end, the heroes are victorious.
Having defeated Sydon and Lutheria, they may force
the Titans to swear new oaths (if they survived). The
heroes may also swear an oath of protection to the city
of Mytros, to cement their legacy as Dragonlords.

Now that the heroes have the Ultros, they must seek out
and confront the Titans. However, the first thing they
need is the missing gear for the Antikythera.
The Cerulean Gulf. There are many islands for the
heroes to explore as they search for the gear. The gear
is located in the Great Library on the island of Yonder.
After the Battle of Mytros, the heroes are summoned by
one of the forgotten gods: Narsus, the god of beauty.
The Secrets of Godhood. When the Oath of Peace
ended, Narsus lost his divinity. Now, he wishes to
reclaim it. He sends a messenger to the heroes, who
promises that they might achieve godhood themselves.
But first, the heroes must rescue Narsus from his captivity in the city of Aresia an ancient rival to Mytros.
The Siege of Aresia. After crossing the ocean to
Aresia, the heroes must decide how to deal with the
heavily defended city. They are presented with a variety
of options, including the possibility of sneaking in while
their army sits at the gates. Once the heroes free Narsus
from his prison, he reveals what must be done next.
The Divine Artifacts. The heroes must reclaim three
key items that may be used to create a new pantheon
of gods. This quest takes them to two dungeons in the
Aresian peninsula and then deep into the oceans to
the Sunken Kingdom, where a lost pantheon of gods has
been locked away for centuries.
The Apokalypsis. Once the items have been recovered, the world is ravaged by an apocalyptic event as
multiple gargantuan monsters descend upon Thylea.
The heroes must defeat the monsters, ascend to the
palace of the gods, and defeat the lost pantheon. In the
process, the heroes may unlock the secrets of godhood
and ascend to the heavens themselves.


The world of Thylea has been designed with natural
'fences' that curb exploration until the players achieve
certain milestones. For example, players cannot explore
the Cerulean Gulf until they have acquired a ship. New
exploration regions unlock in the following order:

As the GM, you may shepherd the party toward the
next milestone in the story, but for the most part, you
can allow your players freedom to explore.
The Battle of Mytros and the Apokalypsis are the epic
finales to the adventure, where all the twists and turns
of the story bear fruit. These events are ordained by fate
and cannot be avoided, but the manner in which they
unfold depends entirely upon your players.

Running the Adventure
This section contains advice to help you run the campaign. It describes how to roleplay all of the major characters in the story, how to run your players' epic paths,
and how to manage player character advancement.
Finally, it provides some tips on how to make adjustments to the campaign.


This book assumes that you have read (and or have
easy access to) the three core books for the 5th Edition
of the world's greatest roleplaying game. Where items
and monsters are referenced that are not included in this
book, they can be found in the 5th Edition core books.


The following abbreviations are used throughout this book:

When you see text in a box like this, it is usually
intended to be read aloud as part of the adventure.
Don't be afraid to modify the contents of these narration boxes to suit the needs of your party.




Preparing the Adventure
Odyssey of the Dragonlords has been designed so that
you do not need to read through the entire book before
running the adventure. However, you should read
through the entire Introduction chapter. We also recommend that you read through the first few chapters of the
book before you begin, and that you familiarize yourself
with the contents of the appendices.

Epic paths are an optional addition to character creation. They provide mythic archetypes for the player
characters, so that each hero feels larger than life, like
Hercules, Achilles, Odysseus, or Perseus.
Each player should choose one of the epic paths
described in the Epic Paths section of the Creating
Heroes appendix. This will determine their hero's mythic
context within the land of Thylea and influence relationships with her gods and people.

Standard Backgrounds
Epic paths are different from standard backgrounds in
that they are specific to this setting. They unlock new
aspects of the adventure, including special relationships
with story characters and access to specific magic items.
Players should choose a standard background in
addition to their epic path. This will provide them
with skills, tool proficiencies, languages, and starting
equipment. The flavor of the standard background
should be enhanced or replaced by the epic path's
description.

Heroic Tasks
Every epic path has a set of goals. While these goals
are personal to each hero, they are supplementary
to the overall goals of the adventure. When a hero

accomplishes their goals, they become blessed by the
gods. Each epic path has a different divine blessing that
is granted upon completion of its goals.
There are also magic items listed under the goals
for each of the epic paths. These items are usually
located in distant parts of Thylea and must be found
before they can be used. Other items must be forged
or otherwise crafted at specific locations, such as the
Mithral Forge.
Whenever an epic path offers a choice of multiple
magic items, the player should choose one, and you
should do your best to integrate that item into the story.

Story Connections
Epic paths are intended to help tie the heroes to the
story in a meaningful way. When you think of the
greatest fantasy epics, the heroes always have strong ties
to the story special relationships with kings, queens,
villains, and gods. The heroes of these stories are important for reasons that go much deeper than the powers
and the items they wield.
Epic paths should not diminish player agency. Players
are free to pursue the story hooks presented in each
path in any way that the GM deems appropriate. They
are also free to modify an epic path with the agreement
of the GM. The GM should take care when modifying
the magic items, however, as the adventure is balanced
with these specific items in mind.
Before you begin this campaign, you should decide
how your heroes relate to the lands of Thylea. Are they
strangers to these lands, or are they natives? This does
not alter the adventure's structure but it should shape
the way you introduce major conflicts and characters.

If a majority of your heroes are from lands beyond the
Forgotten Sea, then they are believed to be sent by the
gods in Thylea's hour of greatest need. In this case, you
should begin with the following:

You have arrived in Thylea, a strange new land, after
crossing a great ocean. Shipwrecked with no means
of returning home, you were sheltered in your time of
need by the people of the great city of Mytros. Now, it
seems, the hour has come to repay their kindness.


Option 2: Destined for Greatness
If the majority of your heroes are native to Thylea, then
they are famous throughout the land as being destined
for greatness. In this case, you should begin as follows:


You are known throughout Thylea as mortals destined
to perform great deeds. The citizens of the great city
of Mytros already tell stories of your exploits, both real
and imagined. Now, it seems, the time has come for
you to rise and meet your fate.

Spreading Rumors
Before you begin your first session, consider giving your
players the following assignment. This exercise creates
a fun roleplaying moment to kick things off, and it helps
the heroes become better acquainted with one another
before they join forces.


Write your character's name at the top of three separate notecards. On each notecard, write one rumor
about your character that circulates in Thylea's taverns.
These may be rumors of your heroic exploits, ribald
jokes about your past exploits, or even mean spirited
gossip. At least one of these rumors must be true, but
the others may be exaggerations or outright fabrications. Give your three notecards to the GM before the
start of the first adventure. Don't tell the other players
what you have written.
However, you can also motivate the heroes by awarding Fame points when the party completes major story
objectives. As players earn Fame points, they unlock
new perks and prestige in the world of Thylea. These
perks are detailed in the Earning Fame section of the
Creating Heroes appendix.

Player Handouts
Give each player a copy of the Thylea World Primer
from the appendix. This serves as a handy reference
sheet for major concepts and characters that your players should be familiar with.
This book includes other handouts that can be used to
add flavor throughout the adventure, including maps for
many of the major islands. Make sure to prepare these
ahead of time for each session.

The heroes' party should be formed before you begin
the first adventure. They need not be very familiar
with each other yet: in these dark days, many bands of
strangers are gathering to take on the challenges facing
Thylea. Perhaps your heroes have arranged to meet for
the first time in The Sour Vintage.
Alternatively, you can use the conflicts presented in
the Prologue chapter to encourage your heroes to band
together. To encourage cooperation, you should cement
their newfound friendship with an oath of fellowship.

the table. No one should get one of their own notecards
back. Now, each player will have a chance to read some
juicy gossip about their fellow heroes.

Great stories have great villains. This section describes a
series of special events and dramatic confrontations that
will make the villains in your story memorable.

Sydon, Lord of Storms
Sydon primarily takes action against the party through
his legions of worshippers. These include the armies of
centaurs, cyclopes, gygans, and other native creatures
who revere him. He is also served by many mortals,
including the Temple of Sydon in Mytros and the fanatical zealot, Gaius, who commands the Order of Sydon.



Learning about Sydon
Sydon and his minions take action against the party
from the very beginning of the story. Members of the
Order of Sydon have been sent to kill the heroes before
they even have a chance to hear the Oracle's prophecy.

I still remember those quiet hours leading up to our first

Event: The Centaur Warband
After the heroes finish their first Labor, Gaius, the head
of the Order of Sydon, tracks them down from the skies,
riding his silver dragon, Argyn. He summons a centaur
warband to destroy the heroes.


battle against the armies of Sydon. We were not prepared

for the wrath of the Storm Titan.


Dark clouds and thunder roll across the sky. You spot a
flash of silver in the clouds. At first, you mistake it for
lightning, but it slowly resolves into a magnificent silver
dragon. A blue cloaked figure sits astride the dragon as
it circles overhead. The figure speaks:
 'Give up your quest and prostrate yourselves before
the power of Sydon. ' His voice abruptly changes to
something far deeper and inhuman, 'You meddle with
forces beyond your comprehension. '
The dragon vanishes into the clouds above, and
lightning tears across the sky. The ground shakes as
something thunders toward you. It's a bloodthirsty
warband of charging centaurs.


There are alternative ways to avoid being sunk. A
sacrifice to Sydon will calm his anger, but it must be a
white ox or an intelligent creature. The control weather
spell can be used to neutralize the storm. A conjured air
or water elemental can guide the ship out of danger.



The warband includes one centaur for every hero. They
will battle the heroes for two rounds and then abruptly
turn away and retreat, leaving their dead behind.

Event: Sydon's Fleet
This encounter occurs after the heroes have defeated or
made a pact with Lutheria. It can also happen at a time
of your choosing before the heroes have defeated either
Lutheria or Sydon. This event can help motivate heroes
if you want the story to hasten to its climax.


Event: The Lord of Storms
Sydon sends this storm to batter the Ultros after the
heroes have visited 1 2 islands in the Cerulean Gulf.




Storm clouds suddenly gather above your ship.
Lightning flashes overhead, followed by booming thunder. The thunder becomes a voice the voice of Sydon.
 'Heed my warning, mortals. Your quest is doomed.
Your weapons will fail you. Your gods will perish, and
your ship will shatter upon the rocks. Your cities will
drown, and your names will be forgotten. You seek to
challenge the Titans, but there is no power that can
stand against the Lord of Storms.'




The winds pick up and the ocean waves grow choppy.
On the horizon, you can see dozens of white sails. It
seems that a fleet of ships is passing by, several miles
to the east. But these are not normal ships the oars
are the size of tree trunks. They appear to be giant
warships, crewed by gygans and cyclopes. And they
seem to be headed directly for the City of Mytros.




Lightning flashes across the sky a dozen times, and the
wind turns into a howling gale. The sky darkens until
it seems that night has fallen. Sydon has summoned a
powerful hurricane to destroy the Ultros.
The storm worsens with every hour. After five hours
have passed, the storm will reach a crescendo, and any
ship in the area will be destroyed. Someone must pilot
the Ultros and escape the storm by making at least three
successful piloting checks as described below.
For each hour spent in the hurricane, whoever is
piloting the ship must make a successful DC 15 Wisdom
(Survival) check to keep the ship righted. On a failure,
they must make a successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics)
check or be swept overboard. If someone is helping the
pilot, then both characters must make the check.



This is the invasion force that Sydon has been gathering to wipe the mortals from the face of Thylea. This is
immediately evident to Kyrah and Pythor.
Once Sydon himself has been defeated, this fleet will
lose its purpose. The bronze automatons will cease
working entirely, as they have no intelligence to guide
them. The gygans and cyclopes will return with their
ships to the Garden of Helios in the Forgotten Sea.
Event: Confronting Sydon
The heroes can confront Sydon by ascending to the
top of his tower in the Forgotten Sea. However, he will
likely escape to the city of Mytros, where the final battle
against the Titans takes place. Refer to the chapters
Praxys, Tower of Sydon and The Battle of Mytros.

This nightmare affects everyone, even races that do not
normally sleep, such as elves.
Each hero must make a DC 20 Wisdom saving throw
or be afflicted with a random short term madness. Roll
on the short term madness table in the Game Master's
Guide. Since there are no nearby enemies to take advantage of their vulnerability, this is simply an opportunity
for players to roleplay their madness.

Lutheria primarily takes action against the party by
sending monsters to attack them and nightmares to
haunt their dreams. Unlike her husband, she is more
focused on corrupting and subverting the party.
Event: Dreaming of Lutheria
After the heroes leave the Temple of the Oracle,
Lutheria sends a nightmare to haunt them. Whenever
they take a rest, read the following:




A woman's voice suddenly emanates from the darkness
around you. 'So... your great 'quest' begins. Off to
become heroes, are you? Mortals are so very proud.'
A light shines in the dark, illuminating the sad and
pathetic figure of an old man, who has been hogtied
to a stake. 'Look at this one. He's falling to pieces:
joints stiff, skin slack, teeth gone. The life is practically
dripping out of him.'
Inky black shadows fall across the old man. He
flinches and squirms, panicking as something draws
closer something that you cannot see.
 'Yes, his sad mortal life is leaking away. But I wonder
what will happen to his soul? '
The old man thrashes against his restraints, screaming into his gag as a butcher's knife descends, and you
awaken from the nightmare, bathed in sweat.


Event: Madness of Lutheria
Lutheria sends another nightmare after the heroes
complete their second Labor. Whenever they take a rest,
read the following:


 'Poor little mortals.' The woman's voice is soft and
concerned. 'So worried about everything. Worried
about honoring the gods, worried about offending
them. Worried about war. Worried about the future.
What can we do to make you worry less?'
On the path ahead, you see a man standing with his
back to you. He gazes out over a beautiful valley, which
is covered with wild flowers. A soft breeze is blowing,
and birds are singing brightly.
 'Knowledge is the greatest of all mortal burdens,
don't you think? Knowledge is pain. Ignorance puts the
mind at ease. Ignorance makes mortals happy.'
The man turns. His face is twisted with pain and
despair. Red tears streak his face. His eyes, ears, and
mouth have all been stitched shut.


Everyone awakens from this nightmare at different
times. Each person who dreams must roll 1d10. This
determines how many rounds until they awaken. They
can be awakened early by shaking or inflicting damage
to them. Whenever a hero awakens they must make
a DC 20 Wisdom saving throw or be afflicted with a
random long term madness. Roll on the long term madness table in the Game Master's Guide.
This is another opportunity for players to roleplay
their madness. The madness can be cured with a lesser
restoration spell.
Event: Corruption of Lutheria
This dream comes to the heroes when they are sailing
across the Cerulean Gulf. Read the following:




Lutheria's voice comes to you, soft as a sea breeze.
'Why do mortals feel the need to explore? To sail
over every horizon? What do you expect to find out
there in the vast emptiness of the oceans?'
Five men cling to the wreckage of a ship, drifting
towards a shoreline. As they draw closer, the relief on
their faces is palpable. Eventually, they splash through
the shallows and collapse on the white sand.
'These men once sought treasure, but now they seek
simple things: food and fresh water.'
The sun slowly sets towards the wine dark sea. The
men have set up camp, and the tantalizing smell of
roasting pork drifts from the fire.
 'Perhaps you'd like to join them? Are you hungry? '
The men greedily chew the meat and gnaw at the
bones, juice and gristle dripping down their chins. You
notice that one of the men is missing now, and the
discarded bones look much too large for a pig.


Event: Summoned by the King
Once the heroes have completed the Great Labors, King
Acastus summons them to Mytros and gives them a
map to the Ultros. He hopes that his ghostly ancestor,
Estor Arkelander, will kill them. Refer to the Summoned
by the King chapter for details.
Event: The Voyage of the Ultros
The king is angry that the heroes have survived their
encounter with his ancestor. He will vehemently deny any
accusations that the heroes make. By this point, it should
be obvious that Acastus is an enemy of the heroes. Refer
to the Voyage of the Ultros chapter for details.
Event: The Battle of Mytros
Acastus tries to save the city from the Titans by unleashing his dragon, Icarus, with disastrous results. The
heroes must defeat Icarus and confront Acastus in the
colosseum where the Great Games are held.
The king's rod of rulership is the key that will activate
the Colossus of Pythor. He refuses to surrender it, and
he may fight to the death to protect his pride. Refer to
the Battle of Mytros chapter for details.

PLAYING THE GODS



Everyone wakes together. Each hero must make a DC 20
Wisdom saving throw or be consumed with bloodlust
for 1 minute. Those afflicted will do their best to reduce
every other hero in their group to an unconscious state.
This is a chance for players to fight each other, no
holds barred, without guilt or hard feelings.
Event: Confronting Lutheria
The heroes can confront Lutheria by descending to
her throne in the Nether Sea. Whatever happens to
Lutheria, she has ways of returning from the dead, and
she may show up in the story later.
Refer to The Nether Sea, The Battle of Mytros, and The
Apokalypsis chapters for details.

Unlike gods in other settings and adventures, the Five
Gods of Thylea are directly involved in the story and
often travel with the heroes in mortal guise. The gods
should never be allowed to overshadow the heroes.
While Kyrah will accompany the heroes from the start
of the story, she is only there to record their exploits.
She does not fight alongside them in battle. Pythor joins
the heroes on the Ultros, but his drunkenness renders
him mostly useless. Vallus and Volkan are allies, but
they never accompany the heroes on their journeys.
Refer to the Dramatis Personae appendix for more
details on how to roleplay each of the gods.
The Oath of Peace
Until the Oath of Peace comes to an end, the Five Gods
are forbidden from fighting Sydon, Lutheria, or their
allies. They can advise the heroes, but generally speaking,
they cannot assist the heroes in battle.

This section describes how to integrate each of the epic
paths into the story. Every epic path includes a secret
divine boon that can be used to bring the hero back to
life. Before running any of the epic paths, you should read
through the Epic Paths in the Creating Heroes appendix.

King Acastus is jealous of the heroes and worries that
they will overshadow him. He has long sought to restore
the order of the Dragonlords, but rather than earning
his dragons, he's made secret pacts with the Titans.

Sharing Epic Paths
Epic paths are designed to give each player their own
unique motivations and moments in the spotlight. They
work best if they are not shared.
However, if your players wish to share an epic path,
then the best way to accomplish this is to have them
create characters who are siblings or otherwise closely
related. They will effectively be playing as partners who
share the same story. In this case, they should each get
their own rewards, and you may want to differentiate
them by tailoring the items to their chosen classes.

The Demi God
The Demi god is a child of Pythor, the God of Battle.
Pythor has spent centuries obsessing over his failures.
He believes that the Demi god is his path to redemption.
Pythor wants the Demi god to perform the tasks that
he himself failed to accomplish and to take his place as
the God of Battle.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi expects great things from
the Demi god. She encourages them to travel to Estoria
and meet their father, Pythor.
Meeting Pythor. When the heroes first meet Pythor
in Estoria, he recognizes the Demi god as one of his
children. He laments that the green dragon Hexia took
the Demi god's mother from him. Hexia dwells somewhere in the Forgotten Sea.
Pythor's Hammer. When Pythor learns that the
Demi god wants to finish building his greatest weapon,
he will offer up his magical hammer (Pythor's hammer).
Pythor will explain that the hammer will be needed
to forge the weapon. But first he makes the Demi god
swear an oath to save his daughter Anora (the Demigod's half sister) from being sacrificed to Sydon.
After giving the Demi god his hammer, Pythor
suggests that the Demi god talk with Volkan, his father,
who also dwells in Estoria.
Meeting Volkan. Volkan tells the Demi god that they
will only be able to forge Pythor's unfinished weapon
using the Mithral Forge. He tells the Demi god to relight
the Mithral Forge and find the components required to
complete Pythor's unfinished weapon.
Forging the Weapon. Once the fires of the Mithral
Forge are relit, Volkan can forge the unfinished weapon
when given the appropriate materials. When the
weapon is complete, Volkan sends a keledone to deliver
it to the Demi god.
Pythor's Greatest Foe. The Demi god eventually
discovers that their mother is a prisoner in Hexia's lair
on the Island of the Dragon. By defeating Hexia, the
Demi god will defeat Pythor's greatest foe and rescue
their mother in one fell swoop.
The Demi god's mother has some knowledge of the
Forgotten Sea and can give a vague description of each
island. She asks the Demi god to succeed where her
husband failed and save Thylea from the Titans.
just lose
children. 
Divine Boon
If the Demi God is ever killed, Pythor will appear within
1 hour and surrender a portion of his divine spark to raise
them back to life. This can only happen once, and Pythor
suffers one level of permanent exhaustion as a result.

The Vanished One
The Oracle, Versi, has lived for millennia and has never
loved anyone until she laid eyes on the Vanished One.
She will do anything to ensure that the Vanished One
lives, but her jealousy knows no bounds.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi asks the Vanished One
to swear an oath that they will return to her once the
prophecy has been fulfilled and the world has been
saved from disaster. Once the oath is sworn, Versi will
reveal that the Vanished One's famed armor, along with
the crown of the Dragonlords, are located in the Tomb
of Xander at the Necropolis of Telamok. She refuses to
offer this information unless the oath is sworn.
Versi's Jealousy. Versi uses her divination magic to
watch over the Vanished One. She becomes very jealous if
anyone else shows romantic interest. If the Vanished One
ever consummates another romance, Versi confronts the
Vanished One one day later. She will try her best to kill
whoever was intimate with the Vanished One.
Speaking to Xander. The undead Xander at the
Necropolis of Telamok recognizes the Vanished One
and gives them a crown of the dragonlords. However,
their famed armor has been stolen by a man named
Gaius. Gaius is the commander of the Order of Sydon.
He keeps the Vanished One's fabled armor in his room
on the Island of Yonder.
Versi's Vision. When the heroes first set out in the
Ultros, Versi appears and tells the Vanished One where
to find one of the dragon eggs that are scattered across
Thylea. She has had a vision of a dragon egg under the
constellation of The Prisoner. This corresponds to the
brass dragon egg on Fire Island (area V15).
The Forgotten Dragon. If the heroes encounter
Hezzebal, the dragon guarding the Mirror Prison in the
Nether Sea, then the dragon blames the Vanished One
for his long imprisonment.
Divine Boon
If the Vanished One is ever killed, Versi will appear
within 1 hour and kiss them, which restores them to
life. This can only happen once.

The Doomed One
When the Doomed One was born, Lutheria demanded
that they be sacrificed along with many other children
as part of an annual wine festival. Of all the parents
of these children, only the Doomed One's refused.
Consequently, Lutheria slaughtered the Doomed One's
parents and directed her entire army of servants to torment the child endlessly as a practical joke.

Lutheria's Joke. While Lutheria lives, her servants
focus their attacks upon the Doomed One. This includes
goatlings, jackalwere, lamia, maenad, and all hostile
undead. It should be obvious to the Doomed One that
these creatures are singling them out.
Meeting the Oracle. The Oracle's corrupted sister,
Demetria, knows more about the fate that has been laid
upon the Doomed One. Versi explains that Demetria
can be found in the Mossy Temple.
Meeting Demetria. Demetria recognizes the Doomed
One. She reveals that the Doomed One is destined to die
by the workings of Lutheria. She says that only the Fates
can say more. This may also be revealed in the dream
when the heroes drink from the Horn of Balmytria.
Consulting the Fates. The Fates (pg. 140) reveal the
full prophecy that accompanied the Doomed One's
birth. They were to suffer all their life and die three
times to satisfy the Queen of Death. The Fates also
reveal the full story of the Doomed One's birth parents and the cruelty of Lutheria's practical joke.
The Fates' Loom. The Fates possess a magical loom
that can be used to forge an item capable of protecting
against Lutheria. This requires the Doomed One to
either kill the Fates or bargain with them.
Confronting Lutheria. When the Doomed One
confronts Lutheria on her throne in the Nether Sea,
the Titan will take no actions for one round as she is
consumed by uncontrollable laughter. She fondly recalls
all of the pointless suffering that she has inflicted upon
the Doomed One.
Divine Boon
If the Doomed One is killed, they will immediately come
under the effects of the spell true resurrection. This can
happen only twice. No matter how the Doomed One
is raised from the dead, they will remain dead forever
after dying for the third time. This restriction ends once
Lutheria is dead.

The Haunted One
No one believes that the Haunted One's family ever
existed not even the gods. Only the Fates know the
truth. The Haunted One was foretold to 'break the
power of death. ' When Lutheria learned this, she hunted
them down and slaughtered their entire family.
But Mytros, the Goddess of Dawn, intervened.
Before Lutheria could strike the killing blow against the
Haunted One, Mytros reached out with divine magic
and erased the Haunted One's entire existence from
memory. Lutheria forgot her purpose and returned to
her throne.
None but the Fates remember the prophecy or the
existence of the Haunted One and her family. Mytros
saw that the prophecy could only come true if all trace
of the Haunted One's history were forgotten. The souls
of their family remain trapped in Lutheria's scythe.

Meeting the Oracle. Versi tells the Haunted One
that their corrupted sister, Demetria, possesses one of
her lost family artifacts. Demetria can be found in the
Mossy Temple in the Old Woods.
Defeating Demetria. Demetria possesses one of the
Haunted One's lesser family artifacts. It was stolen and
carried to the temple by one of her goatling servants.
Attuning the Artifact. When the Haunted One
attunes the lesser artifact, they hear whispers of their
family's voices. The voice of the person they loved most
in life (mother, father, spouse, child, etc.) will be loudest.
That voice tells them that the other family artifact is
held by the Queen of the Amazons.
The Amazon Queen. The greater family artifact is
indeed in the possession of the Amazon Queen on the
Island of Themis. When the Haunted One attunes to the
greater artifact, the whispers from their family become
louder. The loved relative will tell the Haunted One that
the Fates know the truth.
Consulting the Fates. The Fates reveal the Haunted
One's full backstory, including the prophecy and the fact
that Mytros erased their family from all memory. The
Fates say that only by breaking Lutheria's crystal scythe
can the Haunted One free their family's souls.
Confronting Lutheria. If the Haunted One confronts Lutheria directly on her throne in Hypnos, then
Lutheria will vaguely recall the prophecy and realize that
she's made a mistake. She will direct all of her efforts at
killing the Haunted One before anyone else.
Destroying the Scythe. Destroying Lutheria's crystal
scythe releases the souls of the Haunted One's family so
that they may pass on to the afterlife. Remembrance and
knowledge of their existence also returns to the world.
Divine Boon
Once attuned to a family artifact, the Haunted One can
escape death once. If the Haunted One is killed, the spirits of their loved ones will possess the hero so that they
can continue their battle as if they had just taken a short
rest. This can only happen once.

The Gifted One
The Gifted One is a grandchild of Sydon, who fell in love
with a mortal sorceress decades ago. Lutheria eventually
convinced her brother that such a romance was corrupting him. Sydon murdered the sorceress, not knowing
that she had already given birth to a daughter, the Gifted
One is a child of that daughter.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi reveals the Gifted One's
conflicted ancestry, explaining that Sydon murdered
their sorceress grandmother. She gives the Gifted One a
locket that once belonged to her.
The Whispering Locket. One week after receiving the
locket, the spirit of the Gifted One's grandmother will
speak through it. She will whisper to the Gifted One that
they are to resurrect the Dragonlords of old. But they
must first exact vengeance upon Sydon.
Introduction

25

The Wisdom of Vallus. Before the heroes set sail in
the Ultros, Vallus offers the Gifted One her counsel. She
believes that the Gifted One will restore glory to the
order of the Dragonlords. But first, they must recover
the fortress of the Dragonlords. It can be found in the
possession of a dragon in the Garden of Helios.
Dragon Eggs. The Gifted One can find a dragon egg
in several places throughout the world of Thylea.
Fortress of the Dragonlords. The instant fortress can
be found in the treasure hoard of the gold dragon that
rules the Garden of Helios. When summoned, it manifests as a tower with draconic architectural motifs.
The Silver Dragon. When the Gifted One meets
Nephele, the silver dragon at Praxys, their grandmother
will speak to them through the locket. She will reveal
that the silver dragon is without a soul. If the Gifted One
breaks the locket, her soul can enter the dragon.
In this case, the Gifted One gains an adult silver
dragon as an ally. However, the dragon is as arrogant
and mercurial as the sorceress was in life. She will only
assist with the battle against Sydon.
Confronting Sydon. When the Gifted One confronts
Sydon, he is disappointed that one of his progeny could
be so small and weak.
Divine Boon
If the Gifted One is ever killed, their body will disintegrate. Vallus will then use a true resurrection spell
to bring them back to life. She then uses her magic to
return the Gifted One to their companions. This can
only happen once.

The Lost One
The Lost One is a hero who came from the outer world
as a survivor of a shipwreck or as an explorer seeking
fame and fortune. Unlike the other epic paths, this
works well if more than one player decides to create a
character with this path. If more than one player creates
a character with this path, then their rewards should be
added to the lost treasure of the Dragonlords.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi believes that the Lost One
will find a way home, but first they must find the lost
treasure of the Dragonlords.
Meeting Pythor. When Pythor meets the Lost One,
the god will offer to tell what he knows of the lost
treasure of the Dragonlords, but only if his daughter
is rescued before being sacrificed to Sydon. When his
daughter is safe, Pythor reveals that Estor Arkelander
was the last in possession of the treasure. Estor is now
the undead captain of the ghost ship, the Ultros.
Estor's Bargain. Once the heroes have gained control
of the Ultros, Estor Arkelander will reveal to the Lost
One that he buried the treasure of the Dragonlords
in the Nether Sea. The treasure is sealed in a massive
prison meant to contain a creature used by the gods as a
weapon at the dawn of time. Estor will guide the heroes

to it, but only if the Lost One swears an oath to allow
him first pick of the treasure hoard there is a single
item that he wants above all else.
The Wisdom of Vallus. When Vallus gives the
Antikythera device to the heroes, she explains that it
can be modified. A skilled gygan smith can rework it so
that it can reveal a path through the Forgotten Sea to the
world beyond. This work can be done by one of several
gygan smiths   Steros, Bront, or Garzoon.
The Dragonlords' Treasure. The lost treasure of the
Dragonlords is sealed in the broken 'mirror' prison that
was used to imprison the Kraken in the Nether Sea. The
heroes must defeat the corrupted dragon that guards the
treasure. Afterwards, if the Lost One swore the oath to
Estor, the ghost takes the xiphos of slaughter from the
treasure hoard.
Divine Boon
Once the Ultros has been claimed, if the Lost One is
killed, then Estor will appear and possess the body of the
Lost One, bringing them back to full health and powers
as if they had just completed a full rest. The player can
play as the possessed hero and try to extricate themselves from the situation where they were defeated. This
can only happen once.

The Dragonslayer
The dragon responsible for the tragedy that destroyed
the Dragonslayer's childhood home is the gold dragon
known as Helios.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi tells the Dragonslayer that
they are destined to become the bane of evil dragons.
They must seek out the Forgekeeper in the Mithral
Mines to learn more about the artifacts they need.
The Mithral Forge. The Forgekeeper will give the
Dragonslayer their lesser magic item. The Forgekeeper
says that the Dragonslayer must obtain a weapon powerful enough to fight a dragon. The gygans of Yonder
supposedly forged such weapons in the First War.
Consulting the Fates. The Fates reveal that the
Dragonslayer should seek the wisdom of the Sun God
under the constellation of The Chariot. He will help the
Dragonslayer find the revenge that they seek.
The Forbidden Library. The Dragonslayer's greater
magic item can be found in the possession of Chondrus
on the Island of Yonder. He will offer it willingly if the
players agree to his bargain.
Confronting Helios. If the Dragonslayer arrives
at the Garden of Helios, the Sun God will focus all
of his attention on them. During dinner with Helios
the Sun God will reveal that he has been waiting for
the Dragonslayer's arrival for a long time. The Fates
told him that he would be killed by someone in the
Dragonslayer's family town tribe, so he rained fire down
upon their home long ago. Once Helios assumes his
dragon form, he attempts to devour the Dragonslayer.

Confronting Talieus. In the Great Arena at the Tower
of Sydon, Talieus and his audience will focus their ridicule on the Dragonslayer, and the dragons will prioritize
attacking the Dragonslayer.
Divine Boon
If the Dragonslayer is ever killed, they will be visited by
Morta (the night hag) from the Island of the Fates. She
will raise the Dragonslayer from the dead and reveal that
their fate is not to die here. This can only happen once.

The Cursed One
The curse that afflicts the Cursed One's family originates on Typhon Island. Only by going to the island and
diving into its central vortex can the Cursed One end
the curse.
Meeting the Oracle. Versi tells the Cursed One that
they must speak with Damon, the ancient lich who
guards the Necropolis at Telamok, to learn more about
the nature of their curse.
Meeting Damon. Damon knew the Cursed One's
ancestor. He says that the curse is unlike any other in
Thylea, and that it was devised by Sydon and Lutheria.
He says that the Cursed One must seek out the Lotus
Witch on Scorpion Island. She will know how to break
the curse. Damon gives the Cursed One a lost family
heirloom a gem of brightness.
Meeting the Lotus Witch. The Lotus Witch reveals
that the magic of the curse originates on Typhon island.
Only by going there and diving into its volcanic heart
will the Cursed One be granted their wish. But to do
so they must possess a magic item powerful enough to
protect against a fiery death.
The Greater Artifact. The Lotus Witch will only give
the Cursed One the artifact that they need if they are
able to answer enough of her riddles. Otherwise the
Cursed One must kill the Lotus Witch.
Typhon Island. When the Cursed One reaches
Typhon Island, they can leap into the volcanic core. If
they have the artifact from the Lotus Witch, they will
appear on the ash plains of Hades unharmed. There
the Cursed One will find an old man (NE commoner)
guarded by a cerberus hound.
The Cursed Ancestor. The old man is the Cursed
One's ancestor, and the curse was his fault. He disrespected the Titans, and this was his punishment. The
cerberus says that killing the old man is the only way to
end the curse. The old man does not defend himself.
Ending the Curse. If the Cursed One kills their ancestor, the cerberus devours the corpse, and all curses on
all of the Cursed One's family members come to an end.
The Cursed One awakens back on Typhon Island.
Killing the Titans. If both Sydon and Lutheria are
killed, then the curse is lifted and the Cursed One's
ancestor is released from Hades. Their gem of brightness
is also fully recharged. However, this solution is never
offered or explained it must be discovered.

Investigating the reliquary reveals many small hoofprints among the stains. The stains are spilled wine, and
they form a haphazard trail that leads out of the building
and into an adjoining alleyway. The party may follow the
stains a short distance until the trail becomes too difficult to follow. At this point, the thieves can be tracked
with a successful DC 15 Wisdom (Survival) check, or by
using the detect magic spell, which reveals that the wine
stains glow faintly with magic.
Following the trail leads the party into the Oldwoods
south of town. It continues for about 10 miles, all the
way to the Mossy Temple.
Returning the Horn of Balmytria
If the heroes return the Horn of Balmytria to the reliquary, Aesop will be overjoyed. If the heroes have not
yet taken a drink from the horn, then Aesop will urge
them to do so now. This is a sacred ritual that should
grant the heroes clarity on their quest.
Aesop asks the heroes to swear an oath to take the
horn to Queen Vallus in Mytros. He warns the heroes
that King Acastus may attempt to claim the horn as a
symbol of his right to resurrect the Dragonlords. Aesop
believes that in these uncertain times, the horn rightfully belongs to the Goddess of Wisdom.
The Keeper of the Dragon Shrine
Aesop is one of the few priests who still honor the
legends of the Dragonlords. In the age before the
First War, the dragons were chief among the forces
that protected the mortals of Thylea. Aesop believes
that the dragons will return one day. He knows that
King Acastus of Mytros has sworn to resurrect the
ancient order of the Dragonlords, and he has heard
rumors that the king now has a small flight of dragons
under his command. For his part, Aesop believes that
if anyone is to resurrect the Dragonlords, it should be
the Oracle's Chosen Ones.

There are several dwarves who visit The Dragons Tooth
every night. They work the local copper mine.
The dwarves are part of a clan that was forced to flee
the Mithral Mines centuries ago. Some of them are old
enough to have been alive when that event took place.
They have no interest in returning to the Mithral Mines,
even if it were to be cleared out, because they know that
the entire place was cursed by the Titan, Lutheria.
However, some of the oldest members of the clan are
still seeking closure. They would like to bury the kin
that they lost in the Mithral Mines, and they are willing
to pay 10 gp for each dwarven skull returned to them.

Thericles (NG scout) used to serve the King but has
now retired to the outskirts of Estoria to tend to his
vineyard with his husband. He is descended from the
Phobas family line of the Dragonlords, and he is highly
respected by the citizens of Estoria. He is currently in
despair because his daughter Corinna has gone missing.
Quest: Missing Daughter
Thericles wants someone to find out what has happened
to his daughter. She disappeared into the Oldwood a
week ago, and Thericles has been unable to track her.
In actuality, Corinna is one of many teenagers who
have been lured into the Mossy Temple by a tribe of
goatlings who serve the corrupted dryad, Demetria.
Reward. If the heroes are able to rescue Corinna and
bring her back, Thericles is overjoyed. While he is not a
wealthy man, he does have a family heirloom: a javelin of
lightning. He gladly gives it to the heroes as a reward.

Grassland stretches across the horizon as far as you
can see. The sun shines down from a perfect, cloudless
blue sky. A refreshing breeze blows across your skin
and through the waves of green grass. The picturesque
serenity of this vast, rolling landscape is at odds with the
dangers that lurk in this untamed wilderness.

The lands north of Estoria and across the Arkelon
River are too dangerous for travel. Bands of centaurs
patrol the grasslands just a few miles away from Estoria.
Occasionally a cyclops will lumber through the grasslands as well. If the heroes are determined to explore
the lands north of the Arkelon they will be discouraged

Recently, animals have been going missing, and the
sprites have discovered trees felled by axes. Thobos
believes that there are human poachers living somewhere nearby. There is in fact a group of bandits about
a mile upstream, led by a woman named Korteva (CE
bandit chief). Shes somehow bullied a gentle-natured
cyclops into joining her gang, and he is convinced that
the bandits are his friends.

The party can persuade the cyclops that the bandits
are not his friends with a successful DC 18 Charisma
(Persuasion) check. Otherwise, if the party threatens the
bandits in any way, the cyclops joins the attack in order to
protect his so-called friends.
The cyclops is neutral good, so killing him is an evil
act. If the party manages to separate the cyclops from the
bandits, then Thobos is willing to adopt him.

After following the stream for a mile or so, you hear
the sounds of thunderous footsteps just ahead. Soon,
the originator of those loud footfalls comes into view:
a muscular, twelve-foot tall cyclops. He smiles and
waves in your direction. In the trees beyond, you can
see a party of humans sitting around a fire.

The Kings Daughter
The heroes have been summoned to the Estorian Palace
to meet with King Pythor. Pythor is one of the Five
Godsthe legendary God of Battle. But now, he is said
to be mad with grief over his many lost loves, and the
imminent sacrifice of his daughter, Anora.
The Order of Sydon has demanded that the princess
be sacrificed to the Lord of Storms. If this is not done,
then an army of centaurs and cyclopes will descend
upon Estoria and slaughter all the people of the city.
Because King Pythor is one of the Five Gods, he is
bound by the Oath of Peace. He cannot take up arms
against the Titans until the oath ends. Only the heroes
can intervene to save his daughter.

The History of King Pythor
King Pythor has ruled over Estoria for several centuries, having taken power when he overthrew the
tyrant king Lysis Arkelander, a descendant of Estor
Arkelander (after whom the city is named). The long
years have not been kind to the god-king. He has had
more than a dozen wives and countless mistresses, but
those he loved the most have almost always come to
gruesome ends, thanks to the green dragon Hexia. No
one knows why the dragon has such hatred for Pythor,
but the loss of so many loved ones has driven Pythor
to drink.
Although the people of Estoria love him, Pythor is
essentially a womanizing drunkard. He abdicates all his
responsibilities in favor of hunting, seducing the latest
beauty at court, or indulging in drunken and self-pitying excesses that last for days.

Before Pythor can continue, Kyrah brashly interrupts
him. Whatever your woes may be, drowning yourself
in wine will not solve them, she scolds. You have a
duty to serve your people in these dark times! This
wallowing does no one any good.
King Pythor hangs his head at her harsh words. That
may be true, but what can be done? The Oath of Peace
binds my hands. And now, the Titans conspire to steal
away my precious daughter, Anora.
But perhaps perhaps you heroes can aid me.

Pythor will tell the heroes of the problems that face him.
Several weeks ago, the Order of Sydon sent a detachment of warriors to Estoria with demands from the Lord
of Storms. The Titan demanded that Pythors daughter
Anora (LG noble) should be chained to the Rock of
Estor amid the rushing waters of the Arkelon River, and
left there overnight as an offering to Sydon.
Princess Anora
Anora is Pythors only child by his last mortal wife, a
woman he dearly loved. Years ago, Anoras mother was
carried away to the Forgotten Sea by the evil dragon,
Hexia.
The Army of Sydon
If this sacrifice is not accomplished by the next full
moon, then all the gathered tribes of the centaurs will
descend upon Estoria and raze the city to the ground.
Sydon has already starved the city with this latest
drought, and he always makes good on his threats. If
Pythor doesnt comply and sacrifice his daughter, it will
mean the deaths of thousands.
The Rock of Sacrifice
To be chained to the Rock is to be devoured by the
beasts of the river. Princess Anora is resigned to her fate

The heroes can discuss solutions with Pythor and Kyrah.
The heroes need not act immediately; they have the
time to complete one Great Labor before the next full
moon. However, if the heroes fail to show up, the Order
of Sydon will carry out the sacrifice by force, with Anora
going willingly to her doom.
Pythor, all kingly dignity washed away, will beg the
heroes to help protect his daughter. He suggests the
following possible courses of action.

King Pythor arranges for the heroes to meet with the
chieftain on the other side of Arkelon. The chieftain
comes with a dozen centaurs and two cyclopes. The
chieftain, Baenor, is a massive centaur (centaur hero
with maximum hit points), and he can be convinced
to participate in a ritual combat with a successful DC
20 Charisma (Persuasion) check (or with a particularly
strong argument).
Ritual Combat. If the heroes convince Baenor, then
he swears an oath that his army will leave the city in
peace if his side loses. Baenor will demand that there are
an equal number of combatants on both sides. He also
demands that all of the heroes participate in the battle.
Baenor leads the fight, joined by one cyclops, and the
remainder of his force are a number of centaur heroes
to equal the number of heroes. It should be obvious that
victory here will be almost impossible. Kyrah will advise
against it, especially if the heroes intend to use trickery,
as this will only anger the centaurs further.
If the heroes persist and are killed, Kyrah will gather
their bodies and bring them back to the palace, where
she spends one week reviving them.

The dryad invites the heroes to sit down and join the
feast. She is granting her best student a special prizea
shortbow of cupidity. She will playfully accuse the heroes
of spoiling a special moment for her acolytes.
The Dryad's Appeal. As long as the heroes dont
initiate combat, Demetria is happy to talk. She knows 
that the heroes have been chosen by the Oracle, but she
dismisses their quest as an impossible one. She extolls
Sydons strength and Lutherias beauty. She speaks of the
cruelty of the Dragonlords, explaining that her sister lost
her life to the wickedness of Estor Arkelander. She asks
the heroes whether they are truly fighting for the right
side in the looming conflict. She then invites them to
share the meal with her and the girls.
A Grisly Feast. The feast consists of the cooked
bodies of the young men who were paired with the girls
at the table. If the heroes are aware of this, then they can
convince the girls with a successful DC 15 Persuasion
check (an automatic success if Corinna is with them).
If Herkus is with the heroes, he will transform into
his gnome form, sniff the air, and declare that the meat
smells like cooked human flesh.

Demetria keeps her valuables locked in a trunk. The
lock can be opened with a successful DC 15 Dexterity
check with thieves' tools. Inside are trinkets and other
items stolen from the teenagers she has kidnapped. This
haul includes two necklaces worth 100 gp each. There
are also four rings worth 50 gp each and a half dozen
gems of different sorts each worth 50 gp.
Ritual Tome. The most important item is a tome
bound in human skin. Inside is a description written
by Lutheria herself on the ritual of transformation that
turns a human woman into a maenad.

You are standing on the deck of a beautiful galley.
A bright cerulean sea stretches out before you. You
look down at a strange bronze device in your hands.
It seems to reflect the constellations of the night sky,
even though the sun shines brightly overhead.
The oarsmen pull the ship through the water faster
than you thought possible. You look down at the men
on the benches. They meet your gaze with dead eyes
and skeletal facesdozens of leering corpses.
You are startled awake.

Kyrah can interpret this dream, as can Aesop at the
Dragon Shrine in Estoria, or Proteus at the Temple of the
Oracle. They know that you have seen the Ultros.
The Ghost Ship
There is only one ghost ship known to the people of
Thylea, the Ultros. This is the famous trireme constructed by the Dragonlords, five centuries ago. It was
commanded by a bloodthirsty man, Estor Arkelander
who was responsible for starting the First War. He was
later cursed to sail the seas forever as a ghost.
The only person who is likely to know the location
of the Ultros is King Acastus of Mytros, for he is a
descendant of Estor Arkelander.
The Strange Device
The bronze construct from the dream may be the
legendary magical compass known as the Antikythera.
Supposedly, it has the power to navigate to all of the
islands in the Cerulean Sea, the Forgotten Sea, and even
the legendary Nether Sea. It's uncertain where this item
might be found, but it's useless without the ship.

The Necropolis at Telamok
Telamok is a sacred site built alongside a canyon in the
Mithral Mountains. The mountain and its ruins are
named after the ancient Dragonlord, Telamok.
Ancient, time-worn bridges cross a vast mistshrouded chasm to cliffs where the entrances to tombs
and crypts are located. This is a place of death where no
living being stirs. The ruins are covered by a thin layer of
snow and ice, which absorbs sound and enshrouds the
area in an eerie silence.
Deathly Silence
When describing the journey to the Necropolis, you should
emphasize the silence. The snow absorbs much of the
sound. The skeletons and specters make no sound when
attacking. Damon does not speak. The only creature in the
entire necropolis that speaks is the minotaur Graxis.

Armaments of the Dragonlords
One of the party's Great Labors requires them to
recover the armaments of the Dragonlords. Xander's
armaments are still located in his crypt. The Axe of
Xander and the Shield of Volkan have been looted by the
minotaur Graxis, while the Breastplate of Mytros is still
on the corpse of Xander in his sarcophagus.

The other three tunnels that flank the main cave
entrance lead deep beneath the earth. It takes explorers
1d4 hours to traverse more than a mile down one of the
tunnels in order to discover anything.
First Tunnel. The first tunnel leads to the Underdark,
and it is beyond the scope of this adventure. The party
might encounter giant mushroom forests, dark elven
raiders, or some other strange denizen of that place.
Second Tunnel. The second tunnel breaks through
the ceiling above the Nether Sea. The sea is a half-mile
drop from the ceiling, and a fall from this height causes
70 (20d6) falling damage. The Nether Sea is deadly without a ship. Refer to the Nether Sea chapter for details.
Third Tunnel. The third and final tunnel also continues for a mile before opening onto a blasted wasteland: this is the plane of Hades. A company of a dozen
mezzoloths led by a nycaloth watch over this portal
between worlds and are currently raising two cerberus
hounds for the hag coven. The hags sometimes come
down here to check on the hounds progress or to bargain with the yugoloths for more larvae. The yugoloth
and the cerberus hounds will attack anyone other than a
hag who emerges from the tunnel.

The smith is Steros (see appendix). He is a jancan, a rare
breed of cyclops born with ten fingers on each hand and
ten toes on each foot. Jancan are natural blacksmiths,
although Steros is unusual in that he is somewhat of a
runt when compared to most of his kind.
Steros is not immediately hostile, and will try to make
conversation with anyone who enters his forge. He will,
however, use the power of his monocle to gain the upper
hand in any conversation or battle that takes place.
Steros the Jancan
Sydon sent Steros to serve the Firewalkers after their
previous jancan was captured in a raid by the Amazons
of Themis. The previous jancan was named Bront, and
he was Steros's father.
Since his arrival, Steros has built himself a small
forge that he keeps heated with the help of a pair of
fire snakes. Using this forge, he builds weapons for the
Firewalkers, a task that he considers to be beneath his
considerable skills. He spends most of his time tinkering.
Steros will switch to his blue lens in an attempt to charm
one of the heroes and convince them to find his missing
father. If they are willing to help him find Bront, then
he will build the heroes a mechanical animal of their
choice. However, the heroes must allow him to accompany them on their ship.
If he is threatened, Steros will release the fire snakes
as a bonus action, command any charmed heroes to
summon Firewalker reinforcements, and use the three
lenses to blast his enemies.
The Jancan's Contraptions
Steros's contraptions are mechanical versions of the
animals created by figurines of wondrous power. The owl
and the dog in this room work exactly like a serpentine
owl and an onyx dog. However, they will break down
after every six uses, or if they are reduced to 0 hit points.
The only way to repair them is to use tinkers tools, and
the repairer must be proficient with them.
If the heroes agree to help Steros, then he will build
them their own mechanical beast. This will take him a
week of work aboard the Ultros. He can build a mechanical version of a golden lion, ivory goat of traveling,
serpentine owl, silver raven, or onyx dog.
The jancan's monocle is built for someone Large-sized
with the same poor eyesight as Steros. It cannot be used
except by someone with the same unique anatomy.

The four bodies held down by heavy millstones are
vampire spawn. They were the personal guards of the
queen. The vampire spawn are unable to move and are
considered paralyzed. Removing a millstone requires a
successful DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check.
Shadows on the Walls. There are four humanoid
shadows that animate along the walls of this tomb.
These shadows are incorporeal, but they begin following
the party throughout the tomb.